ID-1179	The price of the stay is no where near the crappy service given to the customers. I couldn't find a decent informant throughout my entire stay. I wouldn't recommend this hotel. The purpose of a hotel is to make your trip comfortable- so you don't end up sleeping in a dump- and while this is no dump, it is not what you would expect from a Marriott hotel! I was overcharged for everything! The mattresses were uncomfortable and wi-fi was not free [come on, what hotel doesn't have free wi-fi?]. I would suggest that you look elsewhere if you're planning a trip to Washington!
ID-0968	The Crowne Plaza near the Pittsburgh, PA airport met our expectations. The room was decent in size, we felt secure there, and the hotel included a pool area, restaurant, and sports bar. TV station selection was good, and the staff was friendly and helpful.
ID-1261	One word: overpriced. the most beautiful parts of the hotel were only in the pictures. they did not show the small, cramped and dirty rooms or the disgusting hallways. The staff barely spoke english and I often had an impossibly hard time discussing what I wanted to these people. Pool bar and other hotel food was very poor and also got a bad resteraunt review from the consierge.
ID-0950	Great Hotel  When me and my husband first walked in the hotel we were greeted and immediately serviced. Even with the cheap prices, the rooms very clean and it was a great place to stay. The free continental breakfast was very good and the servicing of the hotel was amazing. Two thumbs up and I would recommend this place to anyone!
ID-0910	I arrived at Terranea in need of relaxation. The property was just as beautiful as it was in the pictures. The front desk staff was very attentive and offered us champagne while we waited. My room had an amazing view and I barely wanted to leave it. There were several restaurants to choose from so we tried one each for lunch and dinner during our stay and every meal was delicious. The pools were heated and I stayed as long as I could at night. The weekend was perfect and I seriously can't wait to return!
ID-0908	When my husband and I arrived at the St. Louis Super 8 we were so relieved to find a safe place to stay with our dogs. The manager was very accommodating and showed us to a clean room in a newly remodeled wing of the motel. We had a great night's sleep knowing our dogs were safe with us.
ID-0876	This hotel was super affordable and even had a pool, which was great. The bed was very comfortable and I slept really well on it. The TV also worked great and had a ton of channels. The hotel is in a great area with lots of places to eat nearby. I would definitely stay there again!
ID-1145	The XV Beacon is an overrated full of itself hotel in snobby in the Beacon Hill neighborhood ofBoston. The rooms are atrociously small and really only suited for one guest. When traveling with a companion it is a very cramped stay. the hotel has seen better days. There are chips in the furniture and worn carpets in the halls. Many of the rooms look directly into office buildings and the window shades therefore are pulled up from the bottom rather than down from the top for privacy. this means that light only comes in from the top of the windows and gives the rooms a cave like feeling. One of the worst things about the hotel is the location. There is nothing in the immediate area as it's mostly residential. Going out at night requires a drive to get anywhere and the valet parking service is slow. There are much better choices of hotels in Boston that provide spacious rooms and n ideal location.
ID-1012	This hotel is located in the heart of the city, right off the exit. In walking distance to new shops and stores. A waffle house restaurant is attached to hotel that is open 24/7. Also a 24 hour gas station. Rooms come equipped with refrigerator and microwave.
ID-1010	The room we reserved was as described on the website. All the listed amentities were included. The furnishings were comfortable, updated and in good condition. The beds were comfortable and the linens luxurious. The hotel was in a prime location for local attractions and appeared to be safe. The location was quiet and quaint. The concierge was very helpful with any questions we had and the hotel staff was friendly.
ID-0828	Exciting, one-stop resort for the perfect vacation!  Our weekend getaway at the Hilton Hawaiian Village was fantastic! Our room was beautiful and we met so many nice people also on vacation.   The Hilton Hawaiian Village is a shoppers dream! The first day I shopped 'til I dropped while the boys checked out the famous Diamond Head beach close by. Hilton Hawaiian Village has it all--bars, lounges, a spa, tons of shopping, convenience stores, restaurants, pools, and so much more! We never even had to travel more than 5 minutes!
ID-1221	I recently visited Las Vegas for work function and stayed at the Flamingo Hotel and was extremely underwhelmed with my experience. My first negative for the hotel was experienced as soon as I walked in the door! The smoke smell was overwhelming and it was very obvious that this hotel is quite old. I went on to check in and stood in line for twenty minutes only to be told that my room was not ready! This would be understandable if I had arrived prior to check in time, but I arrived at 7:00 PM! I was extremely upset and told that there was nothing they could do! I was forced to meander around the casino for another forty-five minutes until my room was ready.  After getting to my room, I was even more upset! It did not appear to have been very well kept. There were stains on the carpets, hair on the bathroom floor, and it smelled very musky. I asked for a non-smoking room but it was very obvious that this room had been smoked in. I called the front desk to complain and was told that they could try to get me in a different room tomorrow, but that there were no other room available tonight. Since I was forced to stay in this room at least for the night, I decided to head down to get some food. I ate at Margaritaville and was not pleased with the loud music and the repetitive show that I had to endure while there. The food was ok, but seemed to be overpriced for what I got.  I made the best of my night and was told the next day that they would not be able to relocate me to a better room. I still had plans of being in Vegas for another 3 nights and did not want to deal with this stench! I decided to go across the street to Caesars Palace and got right in to an updated, smoke free room. I do not plan to ever return to the Flamingo Las Vegas. You get what you pay for at this hotel. Low price, low class.
ID-0900	The hotel is not as tidy as it should be but it has changed since the last time i have been there because i had so many more negative comments about this specific hotel.
ID-1219	We stayed at the Cannery Pier Hotel a few months ago, and I have to say, we were sorely disappointed... After all the reviews we'd read online, all the beautiful pictures, we may just have gotten our hopes up too high, but it really wasn't what we were expecting.  Admittedly, it's a cute, kind of quaint little hotel. It looks beautiful, sitting out on an old pier over the Columbia River. Unfortunately, after seeing the condition of the pilings for the old piers immediately adjacent to the hotel, we had to hope that our room was on a high enough floor to stay above water if some kind of disaster struck.  We stayed in one of the One Bedroom Suites, and while it was a very nice room, I would have thought that for how much they charged it'd be a little bigger at least. It wasn't cramped, but definitely smaller than we expected. And as much as I hate to nitpick, the mattress on the bed felt cheap, with springs that turned into nothing but pressure points when you climbed into the bed.   The jetted tub was a nice touch, and was certainly cozy. But a window directly adjacent to the tub left it a little lacking in privacy, especially since there was another hotel that directly faced the corner our room was on, and it took us a bit of fiddling to figure out how to raise the privacy blinds (yes, it came *up* from the windowsill) in order to really be able to relax and not worry that someone in the hotel across the way had a pair of binoculars pointed our way.  While some people may enjoy the complimentary wine and lox they serve in the evenings, someone like me who has a severe seafood allergy has to avoid the whole lobby area during that time because coming into any contact with fish (of any kind) will end up sending me to the hospital.   Many people I've talked to simply raved about how cool it was that they had these old towncars to chauffeur you to your restaurant for dinner. Well, the one time we took a ride in the Buick they had there, we both developed such horrible headaches from the exhaust fumes from some kind of leak (seriously, don't they know that carbon monoxide is toxic???) that we had to ride the whole way there with the windows rolled down. In the summer that may not be such a bad thing, but in the winter, when it's raining? Thankfully our restaurant was very near the hotel, but by the time we got there, we were both freezing. We didn't take the towncar back, but rather called for a taxi. Imagine that, we were warm and dry and didn't get a headache!  Overall, it's a very cute hotel, and they're definitely trying, but there's definitely room for improvement.
ID-0798	This is a beautiful hotel. The high ceilings and ambiance make you feel welcome as soon as you arrive. The front desk is friendly and greet you with a smile on their face. The room was nicely sized and had 2 TV's - one in the bedroom and one in the open area. The bathroom had a nice jacuzzi tub and this is just what I needed after a long and fun day of walking around New Orleans. The free evening snacks were also a nice surprise! It even came with free soda! We took a plate up to our room and watched a movie. The free breakfast was also excellent. Both of my children made waffles in the waffle maker, which they were very excited about. It was great to start the day off with a nice fresh meal. We will definitely be staying here again.
ID-1175	After staying at other similar resorts, I have found this hotel to be quite disappointing. Booking a room was a hassle, not to mention dealing with the hotel security. When I arrived at the hotel, I was informed that there were no rooms available! I was outrageous and furious, especially since I had booked two weeks in advanced. I had to wait 4 hours until the cleaning staff finished a room I didn't even ask for. Even worse, I walk into my hotel room and discover the smell of cigarettes! I have severe asthma and I could not tolerate the stench. Even though this room was a designated non-smoking room, the hotel staff refused to switch my room or refund my money. Never again will I come here again!
ID-1034	Palm Grove Hotel is a family hotel which offers affordable ocean front luxury in the heart of Virginia Beach. We are minutes away from golf, tennis and shopping. Or you can stay right here for an afternoon of fun. Whether you want to walk out of your hotel room onto the white sands of the beach, or relax in our private pool, we are your Virginia Beach destination for relaxation and fun. Come let our friendly staff help you enjoy your next Virginia Beach getaway.
ID-1014	This hotel was very accomodating for my needs. It had easy access and was in an area of high volume so it was not difficult to find places to eat meals. Each room offered a binder of different things to do around the area so that was very helpful. Also, there were no issues with items we needed and the noise level. It was a very quiet place to stay.
ID-1161	The Inn at Northrup Station is a tiny, hole in the wall hotel that leaves a lot to be desired. The hotel decorations were wild to say the least. If you are anything like Elton John in the 70's, this is right up your alley. The rooms are a little overpriced for what they actually offer. The service is slow, I assume because of the small size of the hotel, and in turn, the staff.
ID-1085	Afternoon Tea at The Peninsula was a fabulous experience. The service was everything you would expect from a 5-star hotel, the sweet and savory little treats were exquisite and the caramel pear tea was flavorful and perfectly soothing. Loved every moment of it!  The Belvedere Restaurant was also perfect in every way! I dined at this restaurant for my birthday. The surroundings: opulent, the food: top quality, and most of all the staff made me feel very special.
ID-1024	This motel was located right across from the beach, and was extremely clean and was well kept up. The newer building was extremely nice and was a very good deal for a beachfront motel. This motel provided me with all I needed from a motel and I enjoyed my stay a lot.
ID-0974	This hotel is conveniently located in the heart of downtown San Francisco. It is located withing walking distance to major attractions. All rooms are designed in a contemporary style that will suit the highest tastes.
ID-0956	I arrived to a very friendly staff and a surprisingly spacious and clean room. The location was very convenient, only a short drive to downtown and the awesome South Congress night life. The rooms have all your standard amenities and FREE WIFI!!!  I took advantage of the FREE continental breakfast every morning and saved some $$$. The cost of this hotel was better than any in town, and I am a very happy customer.   I would strongly recommend this hotel and WILL be staying here again! Thanks Days Inn!
ID-0840	We checked in to the Doubletree Suites in Melbourne FL 3 days after Christmas and our stay was wonderful. We were greeted at the front desk with warm chocolate chip cookies fresh out of the oven. The room was clean and comfortable and the king sized bed was a real treat. It was also nice that they kept the holiday music playing in the lobby and at the pool throughout our stay even though Christmas had passed. The pool was heated, the beach was beautiful. We found the staff to be friendly and open to our requests. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who wanted to vacation at an upscale hotel.
ID-1061	Every time the AC kicked on in my room there was a loud high-pitched whine. It was very distracting and I could not sleep. I called the front desk and they said they'd have someone check on it shortly. An hour later, no one had been to my room. I called again and they told me that there was no one from maintenance available until the morning. I didn't sleep but after some investigation, I determined the high-pitched noise was caused by the adjoining room doors. I opened mine to stop the suction being caused by the AC but didn't sleep soundly since I felt unsafe with the door being opened not knowing who was on the other side of the door. I came back next evening to find the door closed but the problem had not been resolved. I called the front desk and was told that maintance could find no problem. I asked to be moved but was told there were no available rooms. I explained the fix for the problem and they suggested I again leave my door open. I will not stay at this hotel again nor recommend to friends.
ID-0834	My family’s recent vacation stay at the Hampton Inn and Suites in Modesto, California was absolutely wonderful! The rooms were updated, well kept, and extremely clean. Not to mention, the pillow-top beds are the most comfortable we have ever slept in! As a matter of fact, I asked the gal at the front desk to supply the manufacturer of the beds so we can order one for our own home! The continental breakfast each morning was plentiful, varied, and delicious! From waffles and biscuits and gravy to fresh fruit and pastries, my family had a more than sufficient meal to start each day out right. We always stay at Hampton Inn’s because of the great quality and reputation they offer. We cannot wait to come back!
ID-0922	The Dillon Inn is a great place to stay if you want inexpensive lodging near the mountains. We are 15 to 30 minutes away from Breckenridge, Keystone, and Arapahoe Basin. Vail is only about 45 minutes away. The hotel has nice rooms, hot tub accessibility, and a shuttle to Keystone in the morning.
ID-1233	The Kalahari Resort was not a very good vacation. I was disappointed with the cheesy decor and the mediocre rooms. The water park was exciting, but it was too crowded to have any fun. The food was sub par for the price that they were asking. If I had to do it again, I would stay in a less expensive hotel in the dells.
ID-1093	Oxnard Inn looks like a prostitute hotel. The linen are old and rugged and the front desk staff does not have a clear sign of check in and check out posted. If there is any problem, the staff will argue with you before they listen to the problem and try to work it out. If you stay too long, the people in the town wonder if you are a prostitute because of your shabby housing. I was just looking for a good hotel deal.
ID-0862	I was so happy to drive up to the Hampton Inn in Manhattan, Kansas after a long drive from Conway, Arkansas! The parking lot and lobby entrance were well-lit and clean, and the staff member that checked me was incredibly helpful. He went above and beyond to accommodate my many requests (allergies = no down-filled pillows!), which I very much appreciated. My room was conveniently located on the first floor, where I had easy access to their gym and pool, and I was only steps away from the complimentary coffee and tea station! The room was cozy and charmingly decorated, which made me feel right at home. The free continental breakfast was fantastic, and included many healthy options as well as more traditional breakfast choices. I didn't travel with kids, but I can imagine that this hotel would be a good choice for parents because the pool was indoor and heated, and the dining area contained 2 large flat screen televisions with access to the remote! I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit the Manhattan, KS area. Go Cats!
ID-0850	The Circus Circus hotel in Reno, Nevada is an amazing hotel that I would recommend to anyone. The rates are great and the slots are loose. They have amazing deals, especially if you are willing to go during the week instead of the weekend. There are multiple restaurants to choose from, so any appetite can be satisfied. There is a ton of parking and it is right in the middle of everything you could possibly want to do in Reno. Also, there is a Cabellas not too far away for something fun to do during the day after a long night of winning at gambling!
ID-1181	Worst. Hotel. EVER. The staff were really rude and nasty. My room had stained sheets and there were no towels. I had to ask the manager three times for towels and an extra blanket. To make matters worse the television would not turn on and the microwave looked like it was one of the very first models ever made. Then in the middle of the night I was awakened by the couple next door, who were shouting at each other. I'm glad, though, because a very large cockroach was crawling over the blanket.
ID-1111	I Think My Overall stay at great wolf lodge was terrible, the food was very overpriced. the arcade was very overpriced. The water slides weren't very impressive, compared the the wilderness lodge in wisconsin dells, which has 5 water parks. The lines were all too long, i spent most of the day in line. There are always obnoxious drunk people crowding the hot tub and poorly supervising their children. the life guards seemed to be on their phones most of the time and not really paying attention to any of the kids. there is always nasty things floating in the wave pool. my experience was terrible and i will never go back.
ID-1032	I chose this place because it seemed economical. The room was clean, internet and tv were okay. For the money, it was a good decision. The location was nice because it was close to shopping and restaurants. I would recommend it.
ID-0918	Super 8 really is a super hotel. The last time I was there, service was quick, responsive and was an overall joy to be around. Anything I needed (examples: a spare cot, some towels, etc.) they had brought to my room within a minute. The facilities themselves were fantastic and were five star quality. A fantastic hotel chain that really has the customer in mind.
ID-0878	I just adored staying in this hotel. I inquired at the front desk, and the helpful employee told me that the structure was only six years old. You can tell! Everything is so new and well-kept-up-with. There is even a fabulous restaurant downstairs! We were so glad to see that we would not have to eat the typical continental breakfast in the morning, but would instead get a nice hot meal. They were even upgrading the indoor pool when we visited with a water feature, so we will be sure to visit again to check on its progress!
ID-1043	The Southernmost Hotel in Key West was a true disappointment. We reserved an ocean-view room. When we got there, the only room they had available was one overlooking the parking lot. The linens were dirty. The pool was closed the entire time for maintenance. The staff couldn't have been ruder - not only did they ignore us for almost 30 minutes upon arrival but they refused to compensate us at all for the huge downgrade of our room.
ID-1239	Worst place I've ever stayed. We booked the room a few days prior to arrival but when we got there to check in they had given our room to someone else. They then said they were going to upgrade our room. The upgraded room was on the bottom floor with a car parked right in front of the door and we could barely get in the door. But even worse, the room had not been cleaned. There was trash and food everywhere and the bed was a mess.  They didn't even offer a discount or anything when we complained and asked for a clean room.   The walls are paper thin. You can hear everything in the next room and the noise from the shops on the other side.
ID-1119	We had to stay at The Oread for a work conference. I have to say that I felt like I was staying in a dungeon. It was dark and scary in some of those hallways. The staff that checked us in did not seem to care about doing a good job, they did not point us in the right direction to find our rooms, so we wandered around the dark hotel aimlessly, accidentally walking in on meetings and special meals that other guests were having. When we finally made it up to the room, there was still a dirty towel from the previous people who stayed laying on the bathroom floor, so I am sure the place had not be cleaned well. I would not stay here again.
ID-0960	We had a wonderful time at the Luxor hotel and casino during a recent trip to Las Vegas. The rooms were large, clean, and newly remodeled. Huge tub and shower! We had an excellent view of the strip. Service was prompt and courteous, they made us feel at home. The food at the restaurants and buffets was delicious and fairly priced. We would definitely recommend the hotel to friends and family.
ID-0820	We got stuck in Orlando Florida and the airline put us up in a Best Western. By the time we got to the hotel it was 2am, we were tired and cranky, but the receptionist made us feel welcome and got us checked in and in our room very quickly. The room was pleasant, clean and we got a great night sleep. Because we had a late check out we were able to sleep in, get ready for the rest of our trip without rush and then head on down for something to eat.
ID-1035	The Westin in St. Louis is located in the center of St. Louis. The hotel was dingy and you can easily get lost in the hotel. The halls are a maze. The rooms were ugly and dirty.
ID-1151	The W Hotel in San Francisco is seen as a posh and trendy hotel, but it does have its drawbacks. The price of the hotel is highly expensive and can be unfordable to the average travelers. The hallways are dark and unusual. Some people might refer to it as art but many people think of it as unusual and strange. Due to the location downtown, parking is very expensive and the one way streets of San Francisco can be horrendous for the new visitor. The W hotel does boast of an indoor pool, but it is rather small and only holds depths of up to 6 ft. If your looking to visit San Francisco there are many other great alternatives to stay at.
ID-0930	My first thoughts upon arrival of this hotel were very pleasing; The exterior was beautiful, and it was very calm. The hotel lobby was also very inviting, and I was greeted with welcoming messages from the staff. When I went to my room, everything there was neat and clean, unlike many hotels I have visited. You can certainly tell that the maids are hard-working. Everything ran smoothly with this visit; the booking process on their website was extremely easy, and check-out went quickly. All in all, I can say that this was an enjoyable experience, and I will be visiting again the next time I come to stay in the area. Thanks!
ID-0916	Amazing! Wonderful service and clean rooms. The clerk was very friendly and made our stay very pleasant. The breakfast was also great. It seemed like eating homemade breakfast my Mom used to make every morning. Very warm and inviting. I plan on coming again next year!
ID-0990	Aston Waikiki Circle is a perfect location for a great Hawaiian Vacation. Walking into the underwater themed lobby, you are welcomed with ALOHA from the great staff. The panoramic view from the penthouse balcony, is a perfect setting for watching the sunset and romantic dinners. Located in Waikiki Beach, it is walking distance to the best restaurants and clubs Oahu has to offer. Steps from the sand, it is an excellent place to unwind and relax or surf in the warm waters of Hawaii.
ID-0848	While in San Francisco this last month a friend and I stayed at The Argonaut on Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel was absolutely spectacular from the helpful and attentive hotel staff to the wonderful rooms and amenities. The hotel restaurant, The Blue Mermaid, was a real treat. The food was so delicious and reasonably priced too. My friend and I had so much fun on our trip and so much of it was because of the hotel and its lovely staff. I would definitely recommend it to all of my friends and family!
ID-1155	DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. It was disgusting. The rooms were filthy. We actually found hairs on our bedsheets and the tub had a ring around it that was overlooked by housekeeping. We were not able to park anywhere near our room and had to carry luggage quite far. We had hoped to be able to spend time on the beach but there was a surfing competition on the beach directly outside the hotel and we ended up hundreds of yards down the beach. It was very difficult with small children. Because the rooms have kitchenettes we had hoped to eat a meal or two in our room daily but the layout of the kitchen was not at all functional. The internet service was extremely slow when we were able to get on at all. We will not be back.
ID-1039	I was attending a convention in Midtown New York and decided to book my stay at the Grand Hyatt New York due to other positive experiences I have had at Hyatt hotels. Sadly, this hotel was a huge disappointment. Upon entering the lobby, there is a fountain which is not well maintained and the water has a musty, damp smell which not only permeated the lobby but it aggravated me allergies as well. The accommodations were nice, but the service was terrible. At check-in, I requested a wake up call for the next morning which I never received. I ordered room service breakfast which took almost an hour to arrive and the food was cold. They offered to send up another breakfast but I did not have another hour to wait, so I sent it back. At check-out, the line was incredibly long and moved very slowly. When it was finally my turn, I noticed the breakfast charge on my bill and the cashier did not have the authority to remove it. I asked to speak to a manager, but after 15 minutes she had not arrived and I had a flight to catch, so I just ended up paying for the breakfast I never ate. In the future if I go to New York for business, I will definitely be staying at a small, boutique-style hotel that provides excellent customer service versus an old, out of date hotel like this one.
ID-1215	I am not impressed with this hotel. The location is terrible; it was loud all night because it is right off of a main street. There was no wireless internet in the rooms; you have to walk down to the lobby. The price is too high. The room was of average quality, I do not feel that I should pay $100 a night for an average room. At that price I expect something more. There were not many TV channels which made killing time in this small town after business hours a drag.
ID-0962	The location and free shuttle to the airport were incredibly convenient. The staff were knowledgeable of the area and very helpful to give me discounted tickets to events happening in San Francisco. The kids enjoyed the heated pool, while I enjoyed the free wi-fi throughout the hotel. The 24-hour on-site restaurant offers delicious meals for anytime of day.
ID-0892	What a great place to stay! Room sizes are just right and the freeway is right next door. To top it off the staff is so friendly and helpful.
ID-0854	I love the convenience of this hotel. It is right off the highway and very affordable. I have never had any problem securing a room.
ID-0976	The location of the Marriott on Queensway Drive in Long Beach is all around excellent. It is conveniently located near The Queen Mary, the luxurious Beaches, and the convention center. The hotel is located on the water front making for a spectacular view. After you're done with work or play there are many dinning and shopping venues close by. This place is great when you are visiting down town Long Beach!
ID-1241	Sometimes you can really tell when a hotel is trying too hard, but not being very smart about it. The Luxor has great ideas, but that's really all they are. There was a lot of surface flash in the design. However, when it came to actually providing a comfortable experience it failed. In particular, building a hotel at an angle is just not a very good idea. I kept getting vertigo every time I looked out the window or used the elevator.
ID-1135	I am very disappointed with the Centennial. First off, it is way too expensive compared to other hotels in the area, and you could get a room for so much cheaper with chain hotels nearby. The rooms were comparable to a middle-of-the-line hotel chain rooms, and weren't even that roomy! The attendants didn't even take a second glance at us, and overall, I would much rather stay at a different hotel with comparable service and MUCH CHEAPER rates than at the Centennial.
ID-1069	Did not like the food and the noise level around my room. I also did not like the room service, which got my order wrong twice. In addition i didn't get any treats after my check out. Did not experience the night life of being in NYC because my hotel room was hard to find, due to millions of people going in and out of the hotel. I give it a 3 out of 5.
ID-0972	This place may boast of vintage quality, but with rooms as small as these, one might as well rest in their vehicles to have a more comfortable time. Some of the rooms boast antique tubs alone. However, there is no shower option for these rooms, since only select baths have had them installed.   While the attempt to maintain a Victorian setting is quaint, some of the quality was threadbare and tattered. A broken window and blinds that hardly kept the light from bedrooms make for a night of restlessness that was amplified by an odd banging on the pipes throughout the hours.  This place is far too overpriced for what they boast, and the lack of amenities one might fight at a higher quality hotel makes for a waste of time and money.
ID-1125	My stay at the Embassy Suites Hotel in Minneapolis, MN was NOT an enjoyable experience. The hotel bills itself as a fancy, upscale place to stay in the Twin Cities, but in my experience it is anything but.   There is not free wireless provided by the hotel--to use the wireless you must either pay the hotel or be an AT&T customer. In this day and age where you can practically walk down the street and find a wireless signal, this is unacceptable.   Upon entering my room I found crumbs on the floor; clearly housekeeping had either not been there or not done a very complete job. Again, I expect better.   The hotel boasts about it's Manager's Reception at night and a Cooked to Order breakfast in the morning, but both of these were disappointing. The Manager's Reception featured some stale popcorn and ho-hum drinks, while I cannot speak as to the quality of the breakfast, as the line to participate in it stretched more than 25 people long. I was not willing to wait a half an hour of more to get my breakfast, as I had to leave far before that time.   Overall, the Embassy Suites was a disappointing experience. For the money I paid, I expected--and deserved--far better.
ID-1243	I received a discount coupon from one of my friend and when I went to the hotel they said it's not legitimate coupon. I was very shocked by that since it was from legitimate source. Anyway, we decided to pay the full price since hotel looked good and I had heard good things about it. As soon as I entered the room there were stains on the carpet and bedsheet wasn't changed from last customers who stayed in the room. Called the staff to report it but no one picked up the call. I would never visit it again.
ID-0870	We stayed at the Days in on 39th in Brooklyn for about 5 days in December. My daughter needed to find a place to live and register for school. This was the cheapest hotel we could find in Brooklyn. We thought it would be really bad but it was actually clean and pleasant. The staff were very helpful when we needed to get a cab. There was a free buffet breakfast. It was edible and the coffee was great. For the money I give it five stars.
ID-1273	This hotel is clean, but it is so huge that you feel like it takes forever to get from one place to the next. They need more elevators. The pool area is very loud and full of kids. Do not stay here if you plan on relaxing, it won't happen! I will never stay here again.
ID-0874	The La Quinta Hotel in Ft. Lauderdale FL is a great place to stay when your in Ft. Lauderdale! They are within driving distance to most attractions and right in the middle of Ft. Lauderdale. Resteraunt on site can bring you food as early or as late as you wish. Updated rooms and a nice pool to enjoy as well. Staff was friendly and helpful as well. I would definetly recommend the La Quinta in Ft. Lauderdale for your next stay at a hotel.
ID-0942	All I can say is WOW, what a great hotel! I had to pick a place to stay overnight and I picked to stay at this Super8 that I had just passed on my drive through PA. I checked in and was immediately greeted with smiling faces, and the consierge took my bag to my room and didn't even want a tip! The breakfast the next morning was amazing, and the view was great! I'm going to recommend this hotel to all of my friends.
ID-1002	The place was really nice, it was pretty inexpensive so I assumed it wouldn't be all that great but the rooms were clean and the staff was very helpful. If we go back to San Diego I will definitely use the same Holiday Inn Express.
ID-1051	I made a reservation at the Key West Marriott Beachside hotel, thinking it would be in the main part of Key West - but it wasn't. It wasn't even within walking distance, which made me feel like I was out of the main vibe of the city. The rooms were kinda sterile and way overpriced for what you get. The restaurant was good, but it was also very pricey. The drinks at the outdoor bar were watered down and also expensive. The private beach was tiny and barely had room to spread out a towel and lay on the sand. They had boat rentals right there, but we had to pay a fortune for renting them just for an hour. The service was okay, but not worth the price of the whole stay.
ID-1223	What a Joke! I stayed here on a buisness trip that my company sent me on. First off, it was at a mall so the parking was horrible and it felt like you had no privacy. The hotel staff was nosy asking what i came down to their town for. They seemed too chatty and was not all professional. I would have liked to stay at a real hotel with real suites and a staff that treated their guests like royalty. Do not stay at this hotel!
ID-1022	The Portsmouth Holiday Inn was the idea place to stay during our weekend visit to Portsmouth. We loved the indoor heated pool, and took advantage of room service to enjoy several breakfasts in our room. We also appreciated the free WiFi.
ID-1189	At America's Best Value Inn-Golden Gate, you get what you pay for. Sure, it's a great deal but is that really worth a dirty room, small closet, no coffee pot in your room and a small, dingy bathroom? Their complimentary breakfast is coffee and a muffin at the coffee shop next door. There is only one choice of muffin, too. It's really not that hard to have a simple couple of choices with breakfast. The front desk staff is rude and careless, they seem annoyed whenever you speak to them and look at you like you're stupid when you ask a question. There is a parking lot, but it is small, and the only way to get up to your room is a risky looking elevator or lots and lots of stairs. All in all, a horrible stay.
ID-1213	This hotel had no luggage carts available so you carried your luggage from the car to the hotel room. You had to hunt down the staff for any extra linens you may need also. Rooms are not as they apear in the picture. The pool if it is running will be available for limited hours only. The traffic noise outside will be a sure way for you to loose a good nights sleep. Don't expect any refreshments like a coffee bar here. Oh they have one but they run out of coffee before you get a cup. Donut's for breakfast here are right in line with box donuts you buy in the store. Save your money and go to a hotel that offers more service, quite atomsphere and quality care!
ID-1123	The ocean Creek Resort in Myrtle Beach is a dump. They advertise that they have several pools but they dont tell you they are packed wall to wall. I was expecting the hotel to be on the ocean but when I got there it was situated on a little creek!The staff was not very informative and the rooms were extremely small.The ocean side bar that they mention turned to be a little shack that served mainly beer and wine only!
ID-0814	The Hotel was great!! I loved the great view outside. The food was delicious, especially the potatoes and the creamy skim milk. The Hotel was fancy and neat! I recommend this to anyone who wants a perfect view of the Niagara Falls.
ID-1191	This hotel was the worst! After mixing up our reservations, we were put in a small room with a view of the parking lot. There must have been a wedding going on that night, because the hotel was packed with party-goers. What's worse is that someone decided to keep the party going in his hotel room, and they kept us up all night! And when we called the front desk, they were less than helpful. Definitely don't stay here!
ID-1177	Once I got to the Hyatt Regency, no one greeted me at the door. I had to bring my own bags in out of the car, and once I did find someone to help me, they seemed to have an attitude. I did manage to get the key to my room, however, once in the room... I didn't have a view of the Inner Harbor, like the online picture showed me that I would. I also wasn't able to leave my room and go to the dining room, because they were spraying for rodents. I wish I would have booked my stay at another hotel.
ID-0816	This is one of the better deals on the strip. Not only are they located directly on the strip across from MGM and Mandalay Bay but they have better prices, even on the weekends. We stayed Friday- Sunday and loved our experience. We went to the check in counter a little early and the woman behind the counter said we could check-in early if a room was available. I really wanted to stay in the pyramid so we could ride the elevators that go diagonally in the pyramid. She said there was a room and we could check-in early! The room was nice with a queen size bed a view of the strip. We dropped off our stuff and made our way into the casino. It looked like the casino had one of every game table open. We first hit the buffet, which offered a lot of variety and we left stuffed. We purchased the full day wristband for the buffet and returned later that night for dinner. Even though we were only there 3 days there was a lot to do at the Luxor. We not only played table games but walked along the shops that connected to Mandalay Bay. They have a walk-through of the Titanic museum which was neat to see all of the artifacts. The next time I go to Vegas I will probably stay at the Luxor again. With such good rates and a location right on the strip I don't think I could find a better deal.
ID-0952	This hotel was a really affordable and conveniently located to the highway where I needed to go i the morning. The room was on par with how much I paid for it. There was a little bit of noise but it wasn't the hotels fault just some noisy kids. In the morning they had a complementary breakfast that was actually really good!
ID-1253	I recently spent time at the Sandals Grande St. Lucian with my wife. The experience we had, was definitely not a good one. First off, our room wasn't ready when we got there and we had to sit in the humid lobby area while we waited. Every time, we visited the main pool it was overcrowded. The beach was filled with peddlers trying to sell you necklaces and other things, which really took away from the relaxing atmosphere that there was supposed to be. We will be staying elsewhere on our next visit.
ID-0978	This hotel was a nice place to spend a night. The room was spacious, and the beds were comfortable. All of the other guests were very quiet. The hotel was able to accomodate several rooms for our family during our family reunion. It was conveniently located near restaurants and a bank with an ATM. It was nice to have restaurants within walking distance. The hotel is not that far from an outlet mall that is a very popular place to shop. It is also not far from Portland.
ID-1259	Do yourself a favor and do not reserve a room at Club Quarters in Philadelphia. It is miles away from the train station, hard to get to, in the middle of a busy, noisy street (forget about a good night sleep)- and so impersonal. You have to use a computer to check in and out- not a real breathing body to welcome you to the hotel. The room was ok- a bit small, and the television was not much larger than my laptop screen- so much for watching tv in bed. If you are looking for quality, comfort, convenience and superior customer service, take a pass on this place.
ID-1103	We stayed here this winter and were extremely disappointed. The service was slow and the hotel is old and dated. The rooms look like they needed to be updated. The bedding was outdated and the mattresses were not comfortable. There was not much to do at the resort other than go to the small pool or ride bikes. The beach was really far away. The restaurants were expensive and not worth the money. We probably will not return.
ID-1203	On paper, this hotel is amazing. In truth, I would classify it as Just OK. Every feature seemed to have a downside, or some reason we could not use it.  The room has a bathtub, but the faucet to fill it doesn't work. The room has an office desk, but you have to practically sit on the bed to use it, because there's no room between it and the bed. The hotel offers huge TVs, but the HD service is non-existent.  They offer a bus to take you to the metro station, but the bus is always 20 minutes late. They offer a breakfast, but it isn't free.  Once I arrived, it seemed like they had set the entire place up as a trap. They lured me in with awesome features and then dashed my hopes with poor execution. Overall, I didn't HATE it, but it was only memorable for its disappointments.
ID-1183	The set up of this resort is ridiculous. It’s a pain to have our hotel room separate from the casino. We don't want to drive between both places so we have to rely on the transportation of the hotel. Even though the ride is free, you still have to wait for the bus to come and pick you up. The room was nice, but because it is located away from the casino it is very quiet... eerie quiet. We left the T.V. on all night just to have white noise while we slept. We wanted to go to the lobby to check out local events posted but the walk to the lobby is long, so we jumped in our car to drive to the lobby. Guests shouldn't have to drive from their hotel room to speak to someone in the lobby. I don't think I will stay here again. It's not worth all the moving around to do the same stuff at a regular hotel and casino.
ID-0808	I had a really good time while saying at the Adam's Mark Buffalo. The staff was very courteous and made me feel really welcome. The facility was clean and well decorated. The food in the restaurant was amazing and came out promptly. I am overall very satisfied with my stay.
ID-0966	I was on a trip to San Diego and most hotels were booked that weekend. Luckily, La Quinta had an opening. The place was nice and comfortable. The rate was reasonable and there's a decent Mexican restaurant right next door and some more restaurants within 5 minutes. The pool was clean and the hot tub working. Can't ask for more than that.
ID-0864	La Quinta was a great experience for me and my family. We checked in with no fuss, had our wifi running, took a dip in the pool, and our rooms were spotless. The temperature inside was PERFECT! Our beds were extremely comfortable too! Overall I had a great time at this hotel.
ID-1169	When passing through Vegas, I stayed at the Luxor for 1 night. I didn't have the experience I was hoping for. This was my first time at the hotel and when checking in I asked the front desk lady about show times and a few questions about the hotel buffets and she had to ask 4 other people before I got an answer. She knew nothing about the hotel. I was also told that the Luxor was in the middle of the strip, when booking and it is very clearly NOT in the middle but towards the end. My room was decent for 1 night stay, but I wouldn't recommend the hotel to anyone nor would I stay more than 1 night.
ID-0886	My husband and I took our two young children to Disneyland over the summer and we stayed at the Disneyland Hotel. The kids loved the Disney theme throughout the hotel! Our room must have been a princess theme judging by the wallpaper.   I liked being able to take the tram from the hotel to the park, with 2 little ones transport can be difficult. It was also great getting early admission to the park in the morning since the kids crash around 8 at night. This convenience and added perk alone was enough to justify the cost per night for me.   We will definitely be staying at the Disney Hotel next time too.
ID-1217	La Quinta Inn and Suites is a low end national lodging chain that is best to avoid for the business professional. While La Quinta offers rooms at an affordable rate, the sleepless nights make it way too expensive. The rooms are reasonably nice, but the general construction of La Quinta facilities includes walls so thin that you can hear your neighbor clear their throat. Additionally, the chain is a hotspot for families on vacation, so that means kids and animals lending to the disruption. And while there is a pool, it is often so cold that it is unbearable to enjoy. The staff don't exactly go out of their way for their client either. Is a restful sleep is desired, drive on past La Quinta.
ID-1095	Unless you care only about getting a low price and are not looking to have a pleasant stay, avoid this hotel. The staff is rude, impatient and impersonal, the rooms are poorly kept and the the food is extremely mediocre. The supplies you are given also seem pretty obviously to be bargain-bin junk. In fact, this place would be better classified as lodging than a hotel. The location however is relatively good, but there are much better hotels to consider.
ID-0796	This hotel was astonishing. It was decorated with the utmost of delicacy. From the lobby to indoor pool everything was perfect. The dining was a treat. Everything was cooked to perfection. The menu had a beautiful selection to choose from. The rooms were very decadent. The beds were extremely comfortable and I had more pillows than I knew what to do with. The jacuzzi tub was the icing on the cake. It had some of the best jets possible. It got rid of any kinks I had from my 6 hour flight. Overall my experience was pleasant. Everything from the staff to my stay was perfect!!!
ID-0882	The Radisson Lackawanna Station Hotel, located in downtown Scranton, Pa is a beautiful hotel located in an early 1900's train station. The hotel boasts beautiful stained glass ceilings and architecture that is hard to find anywhere else. The food is exceptional, with buffet style lunches with great selections for reasonable prices. The weekend brunches are hard to avoid! The staff are highly trained and consistent in dealing with consumers. The rooms are white-glove tested clean, with the highest level of attention paid to customer satisfaction. I highly recommend this hotel.
ID-0852	This was a beautiful and quaint hotel that I would describe as luxuriously rustic. It is nestled in the foothills and each room is like a little cabin. A custom wooden sign with your name on it is pieced together and hangs from the front of each cabin. It makes the stay feel so welcoming. We stayed in a room with a fireplace and a lovely four poster bed. The hotel allows dogs which is a wonderful feature and makes it all the more cozy. Each room is different and we have stayed in 4 different ones. Each room was elegant and interesting. It was always a surprise to see which one we'd get. It is a very romantic place to stay and the restaurants are top notch. It's really a perfect weekend getaway or a great place to spend an anniversary.
ID-1026	The Inn At The Convention Center is conveniently located near major freeways and is only minutes from hip downtown Portland. As well, The Inn is just a few blocks away from the Rose Garden Arena and - as its name implies - the Convention Center. Also, if you have some shopping to do, just a few blocks down the road is the attractive, multilevel shopping complex, the Lloyd Center. We are located near several restaurants, provide free room service, have free Wi-fi in every room, and are happy to serve you in whatever way we can. If you are just staying for one night on a business trip or if you need a longer stay, The Inn At The Convention Center will provide you with what you need for a private, restful hotel experience that is beyond compare in this area. Please call our friendly staff if you have any questions. We look forward to serving you!
ID-0898	All of the rooms at the Lemon Tree Hotel are 2 room suites! All of rooms have windows facing the lush garden common area and open up to the garden and common area. King size beds feature high thread count sheets, soft pillows, and high fashion coverlets.  The kitchen areas include a 4-burner stove, oven, and full size fridge. pots, pans, and a dish service for 6 is included in each rooms' kitchen.   The complimentary toiletries are imported from Italy and have a pleasant blood orange aroma. The rooms are decorate in shabby spanish chic,and each room features a wall mounted flat screen tv.  Free continental breakfast is provided each morning from 7-10am. Choices include cereal, assorted pastries, coffee, juice, and yogurt.
ID-0836	I visited Syracuse last winter to watch some college basketball and I chose this Econo Lodge because it was close to the Carrier Dome and was pretty cheap. Even though the hotel looks small from the outside, the lobby and especially the rooms were very spacious and clean. I asked the very friendly customer service at the front desk if they could give me a wake-up call the next morning and they were very accomodating.  My room was incredibly clean and it had kind of a Spring smell to it even though it was in the dead of winter. It was also very warm and toasty, and a very welcoming relief from the frigid cold outside. That night, I slept like a baby in the comfortable beds with very soft sheets, and I was woken up the next morning as promised by the wake-up call.  I couldn't have asked for a better stay for the extremely cheap price and it was made even better the next day when my team beat SU! I will definitely make this my hotel of choice the next time I visit Syracuse.
ID-0804	I would highly reccommend this hotel for many reasons. Nestled in the woods, right off of highway 299, The Big Foot Motel is a major attraction. There is a cage which once captured Big Foot which serves as a great photo opportunity. The rooms are quaint and cozy, with cute curtains on the window. The showers are warm and the staff is friendly. If I am ever in the area again, I will return without a doubt!
ID-1113	The first thing I noticed was how forceful the valet was to take my keys as I drove up to the hotel. I was waiting for someone to help me with my bags and had to stand in line to check in because there was only one attendant on staff. After being told that my room was accidentally booked before I arrived, I was told the only room available was a queen instead of the two double beds I asked for. The room was okay and the bathroom was impressive but unnecessarily large. In fact, they could have made the bathroom half the size and made the room bigger for more comfort. I didn't like having to pay $9.99 to park my car under the hotel but there was no street parking available anywhere else. My room faced the pool and that was a problem because of the noise with kids playing in it. Internet was charged in the room and for how much I paid a night, I thought it should come free. Overall, I was underwhelmed by the experience I had here for the price I paid to stay.
ID-1105	I took a trip to New York for a couple of days with my two daughters and we decided to splurge and stay at the Doubletree in Times Square. We booked a small suite on a mid level floor and were very excited to see our room but when we entered we discovered how boring and unimaginitive the decor was lacking in color and style. Everything was comfortable but the bathroom was old looking. We tried the exercize room too. Some of the equipment didn't work. Perhaps that's why we were the only people in it. The reception area was dull as well and the hotel staff were bored. I felt a little unwelcome and wondered if our jeans and tshirts looked too low brow for the place. Considering we spent well over $800, I think we got a bad deal.
ID-0920	I cannot recommend Days Inn enough. The young man who worked the front desk saw that we had a lot of bags since we were traveling with three young children. Once he gave us our keycard, he helped us carry our bags to our room. The rooms were nice and tidy and even smelled like they'd just been cleaned by a professional company who knew what they were doing. They inn where we stayed had free wireless internet which was definitely a plus and in the morning there was a free breakfast. Days Inn is a keeper.
ID-1037	My stay at the Aquarius was like a nightmare! First, lets start with the parking. I have a boat, as do most people who come to Laughlin. The Aquarius boat parking lot is WAY too small to accomodate boat parking - they have a 6 level parking garage for regular cars/trucks, and a lot the size of a postage stamp for boats! Anyway, after spending 45 minutes trying to get my boat into the tight spot, I have to lug my suitcases myself all the way from the lot in 110 degree heat and across the entire casino because they made the registration desk at the other end of the building, farthest from the parking. Then I wait another 30 minutes in a line, because they only have one person working, to finally get my room. When I get there, there must be a family of 20 in the room next to mine letting their kids go crazy or unsupervisized. We finally get to shower - in tepid water - and go down to eat dinner only to find the buffet is closed for the night -at 10PM!!! When we check out the next morning, I find that my boat has been scraped up by someone trying to get their boat out! Their security people are rude and just point out signs that we park at our own risk and the hotel has no responsibility for damages. What kind of hotel, particularly in Laughlin where boating is the main attration, doesn't provide suuitable boat parking?!?! I expected much, much more from the Aquarius. Their lack of customer consideration, and lack of planning for customer needs, has really tainted my thinking about staying there again.
ID-0948	Stayed for business for 4 nights. The rooms were very large, very spacious. I like that there was an actual door between the sleeping area and the living area. The pool was open late which was great because all of the kids were gone.
ID-1257	Upon arrival to this hotel with my family the staff seemed annoyed at the hyper nature of my dogs. I was not informed until arrival that the cost to have a pet there is $25 PER pet, PER night. This should have been told to me over the phone. Also, the room was not very clean; it seemed as if it had not been vacuumed after the previous person stayed there as there was pet hair all over the room. I will most likely NOT be staying there again.
ID-1237	I'm a big fan of the Westin brand, but I'll never stay at the downtown Denver Westin every again! It took over 30 minutes to get checked during a normal Monday afternoon, no convention no special events; just understaffed.   Once I got my room the tv didn't work, the coffee maker was busted. When I called the front desk to ask for repairs the treatment I received from the desk clerk was shocking and inexcusable. She hung up on me, twice! I finally had to go down to the front desk and speak with the manager on duty to get my issues addressed.  Finally when I checked out it took 45 minutes to get an $1,100 error corrected. My room was charged for function held by my company's marketing department. Not only did I have to call American Express to get the charge address the desk staff was rude and insulting.   I'll never stay at this Westin property again.
ID-0800	I recently stayed at that Astor Crowne Plaza in the French Quarter of New Orleans. Let me just say - WOW! The French Quarter is such a great experience and this hotel has the old, classic charm that you would expect from the area! Very elaborate and ornate decorations and beautiful staircases! One might expect that the rooms would be a little run down in such an old hotel, but no, these rooms were just as beautiful as the rest of the hotel! I asked the front desk if there was an area for me to enjoy a cigar outside without having to stand on the street, and she let me in on the balcony secret! The hotel has a huge private balcony that is alway empty and offers GREAT views of Bourbon street! It's a great way to experience Bourbon Street without having to be in the middle of it!  I ordered room service from the hotel for breakfast one morning and got so much food! They definitely don't want you to go hungry! As far as other meals went for me, I was in walking distance to Cafe Du Monde, Napoleon House, Pat O'Briens and several great oyster places!   I will be returning to New Orleans very shortly and I most definitely plan to call Astor Crown Plaza for my stay.
ID-1008	I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Aliante Station Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada. What a fantastic hotel! We were treated to a scenic drive through Las Vegas on the way to our hotel. Once we arrived, we went upstairs to check out our room. It was beautiful! We had a fantastic view of the Red Rock Mountains. The bathtub was luxuriously large and the bubble bath mix they provided smelled divine. The beds were soft and cozy. The decor was very tasteful and reminded me of being in a spa. My husband and I enjoyed gambling downstairs. The slots were relatively loose and we won quite a bit considering we hardly spent any money. We absolutely loved dining at the variety of restaurants located inside the casino. They have Mexican, American, German and Italian food, plus several other types of cuisines. Everywhere we went, we were greeted with attentive service and delicious food. I especially enjoyed dining at Cabo, the hotel's Mexican restaurant. There is a bar in the center that features a massive chandelier made of bottles. The margaritas were strong and inexpensive. The gaming attendants we met while gambling were very friendly and didn't mind explaining the rules to us when we weren't sure how each game worked. I am so thankful that Aliante Station employs people who love their job! I am already looking into booking my next stay and can't wait to return.
ID-0958	My girlfriend and I decided to stay here given the proximity from downtown Philly where we were visiting. We booked via phone and the booking person kindly advised us that they are doing some minor construction in the lobby but that there are rooms available and distractions and noise should be minor. the receptionist greeted us and checked us in quickly. the facility was clean, and within driving distance to downtown Philly so we really enjoyed our stay. We noted that certain rooms were left open because they were doing construction but our room was locked and secure when we entered. Overall they are doing a good job of retaining customers while renovation is underway. The decor of our rooms was very good and checkout was not a problem.
ID-1171	The Vallarta palace is isolated from the rest of Mexico. Although it is located in a nice coastal area, staying at this resort isolates you from the interior of Mexico. Staying here will not show you what it's like to be in the heart of Puerto Vallarta city. The tourist store located inside the resort is incredibly expensive, with prices inflated at almost 150-175% of their actual value in the united states. For example, spray on sun screen costs seventeen dollars and fifteen cents. The bars located nearby seem geared to rip off unsuspecting tourists who do not seem to understand the conversion between currencies.
ID-1147	This hotel was horrible. We arrived at 10pm after looking everywhere for an indoor pool, only to find out we could only swim for 20 minutes! Since we were paying 100 bucks for the room, you would think they could have let us swim a little longer!? The room was small for a suite, and it was very cold. We couldnt get it warmed up. Smoking is nasty, and there was an ashtray right at the front door of the hotel, so every time we left we had to smell smoke. Waffles were the only hot food for breakfast. 100 dollar room and all I can get is waffles??
ID-0904	The design and the full description from the website was accurate in person. Loved the scenery, food, workers, and the vibe around the hotel. One of the best service i seen in a long time.
ID-1089	The Holiday Inn Express in Pueblo, CO was a horrible experience. The breakfast is free, but if you do not get down there fast enough it is gone. The front desk did not like his job. He was rude. The gym has hardly any equipment. The indoor pool was too dirt and cold. The Holiday Inn Express should invest some money into some new beds because they were horrible. I will never stay at a Holiday Inn Express again due to this one stay.
ID-1079	This place is horrible!! When I went to check in, they took at least 5 minutes standing around before they decided to pay attention to me, and were rude when they did! I was guaranteed a non smoking room, but when I opened the door, it smelled like one giant ash tray! Horrible! Not many activites for adults if you don't like to golf, which I don't. Room service was barely adequate, had to tell the dumb lady who barely spoke English to go away four times. I will NOT be returning.
ID-1201	Staying at the Bon Aire was for sure a waste of time and money. The rooms were disgusting, the service was terrible, and the bar was open all night! I could not sleep one single night due to all of the drunken parties going on outside of my hotel room. Not only was the hotel itself a complete let down, the beachfront was completely and utterly a total disappointment. The sand was completely full of broken shells and dead fish. Vacation is supposed a time to get away for a while and let go and have fun, not be angry and disgusted with every little thing that you had to pay for. If anybody is looking for a place to stay on St. Pete Beach, I would not recommend staying at the Bon Aire.
ID-0912	Stepping in Caesars Palace is like walking into a piece of history. There's both the iconic imagery of Rome, and the history of the hotel in Vegas for one to dwell on. It's a stunning combination that can get even better on really starting to get into the experience. The more one walks around the area, the more easily they slip into really feeling like being there is an experience. It's not just a hotel to sleep in, but rather one to experience as a big event.
ID-1020	This hotel provided me with an amazing night. Even though I arrived a tiny bit early, they were able to accommodate me and get me into my room immediately. The room itself was clean and comfortable. When I had a question about where I needed to go that evening to find a good place to eat, the staff was more than helpful. I would definitely recommend this place to anybody that wanted a nice hotel to find on Mount Pleasant.
ID-0988	Ao Chalong hotel is an oasis in the middle of the Phuket paradise. It is near all of the little towns at the southern tip of the Phuket area. The staff is friendly and helpful and will go above and beyond to make you comfortable. I would highly recommend staying at this hotel. It is beautifully furnished and the two pools outside are amazing. Plus the hotel is located on the Ao Chalong bay and has direct access to the water. You feel like you are staying in a tropical paradise here. We also enjoyed a lovely buffet breakfast in the mornings, with wide selections and fresh fruits!
ID-1016	The historic Mayfair Hotel is a great hotel to stay at. It looks a little dingy from the outside, but inside it is very elegant looking. My kids enjoyed sitting in the plush waiting room chairs while I checked us in. The elevator up to our room was noiseless and quick. The room we received was very nice. Everything was in its place and my kids enjoyed the view onto the street. We had their continental breakfast the next morning and everything was perfect, just like the breakfast I would cook at home for my kids. Will recommend this hotel to others and my family and friends.
ID-1028	The wagon wheel motel is quality lodging for affordable pricing. They may not look like much, but offer all amenities such as: microwave, tv, fridge, laundry, and coffee makers. They also offer weekly and monthly rates. Visit their motel and come see the historic wooden castle. Great, fun place, meant for all ages. Pet friendly.
ID-1159	Howard Johnson hotels are the biggest waste of time and money anyone could ask for. The rooms are so small that we had to rent another room to fit everyone in. As far as pets are concerned, you cant control how other people take care of them. That said once we came back home from our vacation, my dog was covered in fleas. I was completely dissatisfied with the staff of the hotel, they were very short and rude with my family. I am raising children and don't want them to think that is the right way to treat people but you can only shield your children for so long. This hotel didn't have great things for kids to do either. Once my children saw the indoor pool they were all over it. To my dismay as a parent never once did I see a lifeguard at the pool, which is very worrisome to me. The only time I would allow my children to go swimming was when I did, as I didn't trust them going there without supervision. The complimentary breakfast was a joke. They put out two trays of danish and a pot of coffee for the entire amount of guests it was very disproportionate. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone unless I really didn't like the person.
ID-0856	The Motel at 58th Avenue and I-25 in Denver is very nice place to stay and very convenient to downtown and the northern suburbs. Check-in was fast and hassle free.   Once I got to my room it was clean, fresh and furnished in classic western decor. They had extended cable access on a 42 flat panel LED TV. The wifi access was free and fast.  The morning buffet was hot and cooked to order.
ID-1157	We stayed at the Hilton hotel at the virginia beach oceanfront for a short weekend vacation. When we arrived at the hotel we waited at the check in counter for almost 15 minutes before someone helped us. Very poor service considering there weren't many people at the hotel to begin with. Once we checked in we went to our room but found that the elevator was not working so we had to carry our heavy bags up the stairs. This was horrible and no one even offered to help us with our bags all the way up to the 8th floor. When we got to our room we found it to be dirty and very outdated. There were a number of stains in the carpet and one of our lights over the bed didnt even work. The toilet in the bathroom kept running and we had to call maintenance 2 times to get it fixed. We had dinner at the restaurant that was located in the hotel and were very disappointed. The food was very overpriced and when we did get our food it was mostly cold and not very good at all. I would not recommend that any of my friends stay here, and overall we were very disappointed in our stay.
ID-1006	You will absolutely love staying at the Long Bay Resort. We have both an indoor and outdoor pool area for visitors joining us at anytime of the year. Families are welcomed, the childrens pool will have your young ones occupied for hours. Both adults and kids can enjoy the relaxing atmosphere of our lazy river. All of our ocean front hotels provide a view that you will remeber for years to come. Enjoy waking up to the soothing sound of the ocean waves. Our rooms are spacious and come with either one king size for couples or two queens for families. Come out and join us, we guarantee a unforgettable vacation!
ID-0964	My wife and I decided to stay at this hotel in the Noth Shore of Minnesota for a romantic getaway. The staff was so friendly that it gave a new meaning to Minnesota nice. Our room had a wonderful view of Lake Superior, and their restaurant had the best food I have had in the region. It was conveniently located off of Highway 61 so it was really easy to find. I plan to come back soon for our next anniversary. Can't wait for it!
ID-1247	I stayed at the Rennaissance hotel in Fort Lauderdale in October 2011. While the hotel was beautiful, I was nickled and dimed every time I turned around. For example, there was one price for the continental breakfast, and another price if you wanted a bit more food. For such an expensive hotel, I'm really shocked they couldn't have a simple, free, continental buffet. Or at least price the food comparable to market ratets.  Room service was prompt, tasty, and efficient but pricey, plus fees.  Furthermore the cost for using the internet was astronomical, and daily. I didn't even bother to try. Meanwhile a small cafe in a nearby plaza was offering free internet to its patrons.   Maybe this is a feature of more upscale hotels. Everything is lovely but be sure you're going to pay for it.
ID-1205	The Wynn hotel was not all that is was supposed to be for our Las Vegas trip. For the price and rating you would think that the rooms were not be as stark and just plain dull as they were. The location was ok. I have stayed at three star hotels that were better located. The sport book was very small and my husband actually went to another hotel's sport book. The Wynn hotel really lacked the character and theme that you would expect a five star hotel to have in Las vegas.
ID-1045	This place is too expensive. Our room overlooked a roof. We could see the ocean from one small corner of our window. We had a balcony, but it wasn't pleasant looking at the roof below. The restaurant was overpriced. Since the hotel is so isolated on the north side of the island, it requires some driving to get to another hotel. The hotel seemed crowded, and at times it was difficult to find staff to help us with information. Since most visitors are from out of state, it seems like the concierge would be more helpful in providing information about the area and about excursions. The pool was nice, but there were some questionable looking people around the hot tub. I don't know if this place was worth the money we paid.
ID-0934	For a cheap hotel, this place delivers. It's very convenient - located in downtown Montreal, close to a metro station as well as the city's central bus terminal. The staff is friendly and they serve great food, especially at their small but well-maintained restaurant. Their rooms are more than passable, with comfortable beds and despite being located in a busy area, not noticeably noisy. The wristbands they make you wear to prove you're a guest are kind of annoying, but a minor hassle outweighed by the benefits.
ID-0858	It had a great view of the water, it was close to many shops, nice swimming pool and a huge deck.
ID-1059	This hotel was horrible. I didn't get any fresh towels for hours after I called down to the front desk to ask for them. The comforter of the bed had an old stain on it and the toilet was broken. No one came to fix that. We called down to change rooms and they were disrespectful and they sounded annoyed, like we were the ones inconveniencing them. DON'T stay here!
ID-0996	We stayed at the Hotel Vintage Plaza for an anniversary a few months ago. I have to say, this is probably one of the most beautiful hotels we've visited. We were greeted warmly when we arrived, the staff was incredibly courteous and friendly. The check in process was quick and very simple, a welcome treat when we were tired from our travels. We took advantage of the valet services while we were there, and while it was an added expense, we felt it was well worth it to not have to worry about finding a place to park.   We stayed in one of their Garden Spa rooms, and I must say it's simply incredible. There are only three of these rooms, high above the city below. We walked into the room and were amazed at how spacious it was. While the room itself was gorgeous and very well appointed, what drew us to this room was the cedar deck with a hot tub. There is a lattice fence around the tub for privacy, and it was simply wonderful to soak away the stress of a hectic day of travel. While we didn't try their restaurant or spa services, we knew those were available to us as well, had we wanted a meal or a massage. Even more amazing, there are spa services available to you in your room, if you so choose. We were tempted to have an in room massage, but time simply didn't permit it.  I would definitely recommend this hotel for a relaxing, romantic getaway.
ID-1139	This hotel is located in downtown Richmond which is nothing short of a ghetto. The outside, while attractive, does not hold the modern flair I expect in a hotel. The inside of the hotel makes it seem like they tried to hard to reflect earlier times and I had a hard time finding the room. The layout of the hotel is confusing and the room was old and musty smelling. The staff are also impolite, the restaurant is overly expensive (especially for a beer) and the food was not as good as other restaurants we ate at in the area. The hotel was overpriced, but there are better options in Richmond from what I understand after doing my research. Beware.
ID-1129	When I decided that it was time for a long overdue vacation, I decided to do it somewhere small and laid back. That place was Charleston, SC. Since it had been a while since I had been on vacation, I did a lot of research beforehand. The choices had been between Savannah, GA and Charleston, SC. Since I live in GA, I figured that I could at least leave the state, and when comparing hotels, the pricing for Planters Inn (my ultimate destination) and its accommodations, (as displayed on its website) ended up winning me over. I guess what they say is right, you get what you pay for. Upon arriving to the hotel, it took forever to figure out the parking area and where to pull up to get assistance from the bellhop. There was no real designated area. I ended up having to call the hotel from my cell phone to have them send out someone for assistance. I figure it was just a minor inconvenience and brushed it off. Checking in at the front desk was fine, the young lady that greeted me was friendly enough and I was escorted to the elevator, which was in the process of having its system changed from an old fashion key entry to the key card swipe. I had several problems with this system on my stay, having to go get help from the front desk just to get back to my room several times. I'm an easy going person, by nature, so I didn't let this get to me, but it is still in the back of my mind that this is supposed to be a LUXURY hotel, these little things shouldn't be a problem. Once I make it to my room, on my first night, I figure it is time to settle in. It had been a relatively long drive, for one person, and I wanted to unwind in the big jacuzzi that their website promotes. First of all, finding a suitable temperature for the water was a pain. Warm would go to scorching with just a slight turn of the knob. Eventually I settled on mixing scorching with cold to get the desired temperature. Once in the tub, I realized the jacuzzi jets weren't as strong as I anticipated. They were quite weak actually. Another thing I brushed off because at that point I just didn't care. Once out, I decided to try this 4-star restaurant experience that they boast about and ordered the greasiest, slimiest little glob of foie gras I've ever seen or tasted. To this day, I'm still not sure if it was actually foie gras I was eating. Or attempted to eat. Thankfully I was able to order something else from one of the nearby restaurants. I would like to say that my trip got better over time, but it didn't. I tried the over-priced 4-star restaurant a couple of more times, but in the end ate elsewhere the majority of the trip. The location ended up being great for shopping, and I still say that the staff was pretty OK. I just don't think that I will be returning to the Planters Inn any time soon.
ID-1127	Worst experience. You can't even see the lake from the small tower. The front desk is rude and they appear to just want your money. You always have to go to the desk to get new towels because their room service is so slow. The rooms in the small tower are old and out-dated and do not have a mini fridge nor a microwave. They also allow dogs, so if you are lucky, you may get stuck next to someone's annoying pooch. The buffet food is not great either.
ID-1018	I stayed at the Super 8 in East Lansing. Even though I booked a room on short notice, the room was easy to reserve, and was ready when I arrived. The walk up to the room had a good view of the city, and was pretty quiet for being next to a highway. The hotel room had everything I needed, and plenty of space to put my luggage. Checking out was fast and easy. I would go there again.
ID-0980	Stepping into the Chicago Hilton I was immediately awed by the immaculate structures and cleanliness of everything around me. Despite the line of people standing to be checked in there was no chaos and everyone seemed to be checking in quite smoothly. People were walking away from the check-in line smiling and I have to say that I felt the same way. The girl behind the counter was a perky and pleasant lady that made me honestly feel welcomed to the Chicago Hilton.  Our room was spacious considering we ended up going with one of the cheapest rooms in the hotels and the bed was one of the most comfortable things I had ever slept on. I nearly unpacked my bags and curled up just to take a nap, but we still had all of Chicago to see!  After a long day of walking we came back to the hotel and decided to order room service. Our feet were aching and it was time to rest.   What a delicious array of items on their menus, and all at a price that was reasonable. The food was of restaurant quality and the room service was speedy and pleasant. I would swear they trained their employees to all give that perfect smile of welcoming, and if so I wish more places would do just that.  The next morning, before we were to check out, we made a stop at the swimming pool. While I swam in the spacious pool I thought of how I would have loved to have stayed at this hotel for more than just one night. With all of the amenities they have to offer I would have enjoyed being able to take advantage of just a few more. Alas, it will have to wait until the next time. And there will be a next time.
ID-1231	i recently visited The W Hotel in downtown New Orleans and even though this place is considered to be on the upper end of hotels...im gonna have to dicagree. Everything that glitters aint gold and there is nothing golden about this place. First of all, I AM NOT A TOURIST! I live in this city. I do not own a luxury vehicle. When i arrived to have my average-looking vehicle valet'd, the guys working there turned there nose up at me and didnt even offer me any of that free expensive water they gave out-of-towners. That was complaint #1. The check-in girl was ok even though the prices were through the roof. My room was nice but i refused to even look at the snack bar becuase the price of those snacks were way overpriced. i ordered room service and recieved it fast but the food was not fresh and seemed microwaved. I requested a wake-up call that night for the next morning but never received it. When i complained at the checkout the girl told me they were really busy with out-of-towner's checking in for a convention in the CBD and forgot. I guess every guest isnt treated the same. I received my vehicle and hurried up and got the hell away from there. To sum it up, this hotel may be a favorite downtown but it seems like tourist get better service than folks who live in town. i give this hotel two thumbs down. :(
ID-0944	The Holiday Inn in Rosslyn is a cheap hotel in a great location. There is a great view of the Potomac River, it is a block away from a metro station, and a short walk to Georgetown. It is also convenient to Reagan National Airport. The hotel also has free wifi and a restaurant/bar on the top floor that offers amazing views of Washington.
ID-1209	I was in the region on business trip. When I arrived at front desk, there were no available staff and had to wait about 10 minutes to check in. I asked for first floor room away from busy streets but that was not available. Inside, it was very average in terms of cleanliness and had a long-unused smell - not the caliber I expected from a brand like Ramada. My experience was very mediocre. I switched to the Best Western across the street the next night and that place felt much nicer.
ID-0998	Nice Clean Motel!Friendly service. We serve breakfast. Outside Pool for the warm days. Close to interstate. Have flea markets within minutes from motel.. Restaurants within walking distance. Prices are best around!
ID-1187	I stayed here a couple of months ago when I needed place to rest from driving all day long. When I went up to the front desk, the staff ignored me and when I finally managed to get his attention, he was rude. I was displeased with his attitude and bought the cheapest room there was. I was trying to go up to my room and then I bumped in to these crazy high school kids that were making a ruckus in the hotel lounge. (It was 11PM just so you know) I couldn't believe that the staff would just let these kids just run everywhere throwing chaos. When I got up to my room and looked inside, well let's just say it's not the cleanest room I've ever seen in my life. But what else do you expect from a hotel that has bad service and has kids running around at 11PM? I fell asleep as soon as I hit the bed and woke up and left. The check out staff was friendly but that was the best thing about this hotel. Will NOT be coming back to this hotel and won't be recommending any I know to do so as well.
ID-0896	I dont understand But That motel SO great i could just spend every weekend in it...
ID-0902	The Inn at El Goucho was the perfect way to stay in one of the trendiest areas of downtown Seattle, just a couple of blocks from the great music clubs where we could hear the newest Indie bands from Seattle. The rooms were spacious and the lounge has a fireplace, with snacks and fruit-infused water available all day. The restaurant downstairs serves the best steaks I've ever had, and there is an awesome small old-fashioned movie theater underneath the hotel, where we had drinks and appetizers before settling in for a cozy movie viewing. Just a few blocks away is the famous Pikes Place Market, with the flying fish stand that is shown in all the postcards. We didn't need our car at all the whole time. There was even valet parking, so we didn't have to worry about parking even if we had wanted to drive around - which we didn't. Everything was right there at this hotel. I would definitely stay there again.
ID-1199	There is a reason the rate is so reasonable for the Extended Stay America in Burbank. For a hotel of this size, we only saw one person working there, and it felt like we were in the middle of nowhere. It's not an area that is practical for pedestrians, and the room itself was not impressive. The kitchen area was very basic and there was some water leaking from the refrigerator.
ID-1143	If you are a smoker And you request a smoking room it is going to smell horrible! They are normally a decent rate but during special seasons when people from Canada come down they jack the prices up to 5 star hotel rates! Which can last for months! Rooms did not have microwaves or refrigerators!
ID-0982	When was the last time you visited the Courtyard Waukegan? Give it another try! With an all-new updated lobby and meeting areas, it's a great place to meet your other traveling colleagues for breakfast (serving Starbucks coffee) or for a drink after dinner (the Market is open 24 hours). Screens in the lobby welcome you with weather and news updates and the friendly staff at the front desk will remember your needs. The location of this hotel close to many businesses is convenient and there are plenty of restaurants, bars and shopping areas nearby. With balconies and a nice courtyard, there are a lot of places to relax and unwind. There is an indoor pool and exercise room so you can keep up with your needs on the road. Parking is free and plentiful around the hotel. The hotel provides a free shuttle (7am-5pm) to nearby businesses.
ID-1107	I would not recommend the Red Roof Inn! The beds were unclean. I requested maid service and found that they did not even change the bed covers but changed the sheets. There were not enough towels and front desk did not answer its phone! This hotel did not abide by following through with the noise ordinance. The staff was not helpful and the front office was disorganized.
ID-0880	If you are looking for a clean, convenient and comfortable place to stay in Grand Junction look no further! This hotel offers spacious and newly renovated rooms at a reasonable nightly rate. The lobby is large and gracious and served a free breakfast for guests each morning. It is conveniently located near downtown Grand Junction with easy access to convention centers, restaurants and all the shopping the city has to offer.
ID-1049	The Seaview Resort has really diminished over the years. I've been to this hotel many times since it's opened and over the past few years it's really gotten terrible. The staff were incredibly flighty and distant as well as cold. When I went to check in, they couldn't find my reservation so I had to wait over two hours to check in! Also, the beds had not been turned down and there was no soap in the shower. I was really disappointed with the service, overall. I felt like I was cheated out of my money and I should have just gone to stay in a hotel in Atlantic City.
ID-1195	I have always liked and will always like the Red Roof Inn! The management and associate staff were very friendly and courteous when helping my elderly parents and me find our hotel room. In addition, they gave us a discounted rate because we had competitor coupons! How awesome is that!? In addition, their hotel rooms are so affordable and somewhat remind me of my own home. I love the old-fashioned paintings they have in each room and the beds are AMAZINGLY comfortable. And they even offer breakfast! The good kind of breakfast too, not that processed crap you find at Super 8 or other hotel / motel chains.  I slept extremely sound when I stayed there; neither my family nor I had any complaints about the noise level. Come to think of it, I have nothing but positive reviews for this Toledo Red Roof Inn location! I love it and would absolutely recommend it to anyone looking for an economic hotel in the Toledo area!
ID-1227	My time at the Huntley Hotel could not have been more stressful. I arrived at the hotel only to find that my reservation had been lost and I would have to pay for a larger room. The staff was unsympathetic and unhelpful throughout the process. When I finally settled into my room, I was kept awake for most of the night by music and noise from the building's restaurant and bar. I spent the rest of my trip feeling exhausted and irritated.
ID-1251	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The staff were rude and unhelpful and the hotel was dated. In addition to the dated decor, the property appeared to be very dirty and did not make me feel comfortable staying there. The continental breakfast was disappointing and the location was not nearly as great as they advertised on the website. The front desk forgot about my wake up call and didn't even apologize or offer any consolation about the fact that I was then running late. Terrible service - do not stay at this hotel.
ID-0822	This hotel was a great price near the Universal entrance. It's walking distance so you can save a lot of money on parking. You can also take a break from the parks and then head back out to City Walk for dinner or a movie during the evening. There is a pool to relax at if you want to take it easy after a long day in the parks. The staff were friendly. The area seems safe and it was very quiet at night even thought it is close to the interstate. I would recommend this hotel.
ID-1211	The Doubletree isn't the worst place I've ever stayed (it doesn't, that I've noticed, have bedbugs), but you should be forewarned about a few of its more unusual features. First, the hotel appears to have been constructed bit by bit, and has an unusual hub-and-spoke layout. If you stay in the hub, no problem. But if you stay in the spokes? You not only get a miniscule room, but you have to walk a really long ways to get to the main building, including crossing the parking lot and walking up and down stairs or elevators. It may not actually be a mile from the farthest rooms to the reception desk, but it sure feels like it.
ID-0810	Great 3 star hotel in the Austin area. They are centralized in the city and are greatly assist visitors with anything they need. They got us a taxi cab and the conossiour show us the happening places around town. The pool area was marvelous, thanks to the beautiful austin weather. The rooms were comfy and everyone was nice. Onsite parking was a huge plus.
ID-1109	The hotel was restricted in various areas. I did go when they were remodeling so there was sections of the hotel that was blocked off. They said it was because they were expanding the hotel. It would have been nice to know that they were remodeling when I made the reservation.  The food selection in the restaurant was on the higher priced side. The room has a bar size fridge and a small Microwave. It is important to bring your own food as there is no real reasonable transportation into town.
ID-1153	Stayed at the Marriott Fairfield Inn and Suites in downtown Louisville, Kentucky a few weekends ago. The hotel parking garage was difficult to actually enter because of the one-way streets in the downtown area and parking was extremely tight. The wait time was excessive to check in. We were told there was a youth sports team staying at the hotel and that they were booked solid. Room decor was average and I didn't like the wall locker they used for a closet - had to remove the ironing board in order to hang dresses and slacks. Complimentary breakfast was offered but not much was available by the time I walked down to eat at 8:30 a.m. For the money, my stay was a little lackluster. I think I'd try a different hotel if I travel again to the Louisville area.
ID-1271	I wanted to like this hotel when we walked in. The sitting area was a nice bonus, and it smelled very clean on entry. However, the TV was set up very poorly. It is right in between both rooms, making it awkward to watch from either the sofa or the beds. You also can't have it on when someone is sleeping as it disturbs them. I also didn't enjoy having to pay to park our car in the mostly empty parking garage. It seemed a rather over-the-top expense (and completely unclear on the website so we weren't expecting that).
ID-1091	I've stayed at the Park Hotel Tokyo and will probably never stay there again. For one, it's too far from everything. It's a ten minute walk to Shimbashi station (the nearest JR train station) and I almost got lost trying to find it. And to add to the inconvenience, when I tried to catch the train one morning, I got caught in the morning rush. Because it's a business district, I felt like a salmon swimming upstream just trying to get to the station!  Also, because it's a business district, there's not a lot to do nearby unless you walk a bit to get to Ginza, which is known to be one of the most expensive shopping district in the world. No thank you! There are a lot of restaurants in the area, but no shopping malls or arcades. I had to catch the train or subway to visit those kinds of places.  Then, the lobby of the hotel is on the 25th floor and there are almost no signs outside the hotel or near it to tell me where it is, so I had the hardest time finding it when I first arrived. And when I walked into the building, I thought I was in the wrong place because there are offices for the Kyodo News Agency from the 3rd floor (where I entered). Also, because it's on the 25th floor, it feels like I have to wait a lot to catch the elevators in the morning when I leave or the evening when I get back. And heaven forbid there's an emergency and I have to take the stairs down 25 floors!  I don't think I'll stay at the Park Hotel Tokyo again, and I'd recommend other travelers not to either, unless they enjoy getting lost. While it's certainly a nice hotel, it's too inconvenient and there are certainly cheaper places with more to do nearby.
ID-1030	We recently stayed at the Country Inn and Suites in Mishawaka, IN. The staff was very friendly and the location was convenient to everything in the area. The rooms were very spacious and they have an indoor pool. The price was also excellent for this area! I would highly recommend this hotel if you will be staying in the Mishawaka / South Bend area!
ID-1075	The Motel 6 Tropicana in Las Vegas is new remodeled, and the rooms are small! Actually, crammed would be a better word! The bathroom is huge, and I'm not sure why. They needed to make the sleeping area more spacious. They can put a twin bed in the bathroom with all the extra space in there. Also, the staff are very cheap about towels! I couldn't get one extra towel! If I ever stay there again, I'll be sure to pack my own towels! Plan on standing in line at check in. The staff is so pokey! I know I was on vacation, but I didn't plan on spending my whole trip standing in a line at check in.
ID-0860	This is probably the best hotel to stay at in all Savannah. It's right near the harbor on the western corner of the historic district, and within easy walking distance to the famous shops and restaurants right there on the river.   There are always many cultural events going on in that same area, too.  You can stroll St. Julian Street and see all the historic homes - not to mention the many, many churches that line the avenues in this district. Tours are available for many of the sites, too.   When the day comes to an end, you can return to your very large, luxurious room. The most comfortable I've ever found in any location! A scenic view from the windows, too.   And if you can't choose from the very many fine restaurants all about and within walking distance of Doubletree, don't worry - they have great food at their restaurants, which you can even have by room service.
ID-0924	It was late at night and I was just exhausted from a nights long drive when I saw a Motel 6 on the side of the road. I breathed a sigh of relief and thanked my lucky stars for its convenient location. The staff greeted me with a smile even though it was 4 o'clock in the morning and gave me a room that suited my preferences. When I got into my assigned room the decor was beautiful! The cleaning staff did an impressive job of keeping the room tidy and it was a joy to lay down and get a good night's rest at Motel 6. In the morning the muffins and coffee started me off great and it was even free! Furthermore there was a lot of great restaurants around the area and finding a good place to eat was no problem. The most convenient thing about motel 6 is their location and they always have friendly staff!
ID-0868	My hotel experience was great. The pool was nice and cool, the staff was so friendly and helpful, and the rates are unbeatable! Desk clerk assistance was willing to help me get ice at 4 AM. So very nice and understanding. I was in town for a wedding, and my brother in-law stayed at a Holiday Inn down the street; I still hear stories about how he wishes he had stayed at the America's Best Value Inn! Would recommend to anyone.
ID-1073	I had a layover on a flight in Philadephia, but I missed my connecting fight, so I had to stay in the nearest hotel that had an available room. The rooms were way over priced because there was a game that night...imagine that. I called to make a reservation at the airport, but by the time I got there, the professional customer service staff did not have my information and said all of the rooms had been filled. I asked them to check again and after about 10 minutes of watching them stare at the computer screen, they finally found one. The woman at the counter acted the entire time like I was an inconvinence and had a rude look and tone about her the whole time. I finally got my keys and went to my room, only to find out that the key wouldn't work. So I go back to the counter, and she says, What do you want now? I tell her my keys don't work, so she reprograms them and I eventually get into my room, which just happened to be almost 90 degrees in the middle of summer. Needless to say, I will never be staying at this hotel again.
ID-0984	Its more than a good nights sleep it is an experience. Warm and welcoming staff. Exceptionally clean rooms, with top of the line updated furniture and appliances.
ID-1131	This resort is terrible. The room service there was horrible and they steal your personal belongings. The room was super dirty and the sheets look like they had not been washed ever. There was nothing to do at the resort and the pools were dirty. I don't recommend this resort to anyone. Don't waste your money there.
ID-1267	The Riviera in Las Vegas is an awful place to stay if you're looking to enjoy yourself in Vegas. The staff is slow and seemed uncaring that the lines were nearly out the door. The options for food in the hotel were very limited, unless you like cheap ethnic food. The advertised Pin Ball Hall of Fame was actually just a few old machines randomly placed in a hallway. The smoking areas in the casino were not mapped out, and anytime you light a cigarette someone will chase you around asking you to move over, literally a few feet. If you're looking for a cheap, tacky, unfriendly place to go, the Riviera is it. I would not go here again.
ID-1000	Great place for the price. Beautiful location on the water, in the heart of St. Augustine beach. Clean rooms friendly staff. Beds were very comfortable. Can't wait to come back next summer.
ID-1269	This hotel is overpriced and the room I got did not have a good view even though I paid extra for a better view. All the shops and activities costs a lot more than others.
ID-1071	I stayed at the Microtel in Charlotte, NC 3 weeks ago and I will never make that mistake again. The rooms were small, the staff was disinterested and I swear I saw a bug lurking in the corner behind the toilet. Though the Microtel is only a short distance from the local airport, I spent most of the night trying to sleep while flights kept going by. Never again. 2 stars. Bottom line: The rooms may be cheap, but you get what you pay for.
ID-1067	When we stayed at the La Quinta in Brownsville nothing went right. The room seemed to be clean upon first glance but we later noticed a large amount of cut hair left over from the previous occupant in the bathroom trash bin. There was a coffee maker in the bathroom, which I thought was strange, and underneath the coffee bag they provided was a silverfish that I had to get my husband to squish. When we mentioned these things to the desk, they acted nonchalant and didnt offer a new room. The maids cleaned up everyday even when we had the do not disturb sign on the door. I dont mind when they fix the sheets but the maid went through our clothes and touched my things, including the case all my jewelry was in. I wouldnt stay here again.
ID-1041	Upon checking into this hotel and heading to our room, we were inconvenienced right off the bat when the handle of the toilet fell off. This meant a trip back down to the front desk and then having to re-pack and move to a different room.  After finally getting settled in, we went to the pool for a quick swim and to relax in the hot tub. The facilities were small, smelled heavily of chemicals, and had the smallest, itchiest towels. The worst was the main wall was one open window that faced the main hallway---which means that everyone coming and going gawked at us the entire time we were there.  The continental breakfast had your basics (juice, donuts, eggs, cereal), but the space was tiny. We ended up taking our breakfast up to our rooms because the same people were camped out there all morning. The hotel looks nice, but for the price the inconveniences were too much.
ID-0806	this hotel is very affordable and any one can come here and enjoy there self
ID-1225	I will never stay in another La Quinta Inn again! The pool was outside instead of inside, and the weather was too cool for that. After a long day of travel, we couldn't swim. There were 3 beds, if you include the pull out couch, but it was so cramped we could hardly walk around. There were only 2 towels, we had to go request more. I don't think it would be that hard to put at least 4 towels in the bathroom, it just seemed like no thought was put in to it. There was a coffee pot and coffee in the room, which I was looking forward to, but then I realized, there were only 2 packs of sugar and 2 packs of creamer. All of these may sound like little things, but to me they add up to a lack of care for the customer. La Quinta is all about the bottom line, not the customer.
ID-0946	This hotel is awesome, it doesn't have bugs, shitty walls, bad floors, and weak balconies. It doesnt have sex offenders living in the whole back building and it is very secure.
ID-1121	Horrible Hotel! I would not stay again. The bedding smelled weird. The marble floors were really slippery when it rained. We had to go outside, into a second building to get to our room. The computer room was tiny and cramped and HOT! Staying here ruined our vacation, I would not stay again!
ID-0884	The Jameson Inn is fantastic! The staff was extremely friendly. The hotel looked as though it had just been renovated and was extraordinarily clean. The value was incredible. The free continental breakfast was the best I have ever had in a hotel. From now on whenever I visit Lafayette I will definitely stay at the Jameson Inn.
ID-1265	The Beachcomber Resort & Villas leaves a lot to be desired! I had to wait 10 minutes for the valet to take my car, and another 15 min for them to find my name is the system. I had booked this room 3 weeks ago, mind you. After all that, the room must have had a quick turnover, because there were no towels, and a pillow was missing. At this point, I figured I would at least go to the beach, but it was packed to the brim. No problem I thought, I will use the hotels amenities. Nope! One pool was closed, and the other was a mess. Beachcomber is not worth the money; understaffed, and subpar amenities. This place did not meet my expectations.
ID-1167	Hotel Penn is a cheap hotel, and for good reason. Our bedsheets were stained, the paint is pealing, and the bathroom was disgusting. The bed was also very uncomfortable, and the TV was incredibly old-fashioned. The place smelled, and the cleaning staff was unhelpful. We had to wait in an incredibly long line to check in, and there was no free wifi.
ID-0866	This Day's Inn is very near the airport, which is the main reason we chose it. The street it is on has a lot of shops and places to eat, which made it convenient when we needed to go out. It isn't a fancy place, but it was comfortable and decent for what we paid. I appreciated that it was quiet, and the pool was empty every time we wanted to swim, which my kids loved.
ID-1081	I did not like this hotel. I could not see the ocean from my room, just a bunch of buildings. It was too expensive to eat in the hotel restaurant, and the room did not have wi-fi. I had to pay daily to connect to the internet with a cable. This is a huge hotel. There were many people coming and going all the time.
ID-0914	Our room was amazing! The views of the bay were so romantic off of our balcony, and the jacuzzi really set the mood for our honeymoon. The king size bed was super comfortable and it was so nice to stretch out in a huge bed for once. The complimentary breakfast in the morning was delicious, it was hard to believe it was really free. We've paid for breakfasts at other hotels and this was better! We'd definitely stay here again. The rooms are great and the price is right.
ID-1055	I had very high expectations for The Sorrento; sadly, this was quite a disappointment. The Fireside Room is nice, but service was spotty, and the novelty wore off after a few minutes. Unfortunately, the hotel itself can't match the elegance of the building's exterior. The rooms are very small. I felt I could barely walk to the front door without running into the furniture. The sofa and coffee table looked pretty run down. There was no view whatsoever, except for the alleyway behind the building. I didn't really get the book shelf with obscure novels: is this some kind of clever joke? At best, my experience at The Sorrento could be described as mediocre.
ID-0826	We stayed at the sandcastle resort/hotel in virginia beach for 3 days. When we arrived we were greeted by the front desk clerk and promptly checked in. When we got to our room we found that we were upgraded to an ocean view room and were also comped a continental breakfast in the morning. The room was clean and had a beautiful view. The staff was very nice and took care of our every need. When we checked out we were also given a coupon for a future stay for a free upgrade as well as 20 percent off on a weekend stay. Overall this hotel is very nice and has recently been updated. I would recommend this hotel to my friends and hope to return here again soon.
ID-1173	My husband and I spent a night at a Super 8 motel in N. Attleboro, MA, recently. All I could think of was the Bette Davis line: “What a dump!” It was run down and dirty, with cramped rooms and an unfriendly staff. Two of the lightbulbs in our room were burned out (although that was probably for the best, since we couldn’t see our threadbare bedspread and carpet as well as we would have otherwise!). Paper-thin walls meant little sleep, and the so-called “free breakfast” meant cold coffee and hard bagels. Never again!!!
ID-1101	This hotel was ridiculous priced and terrible. The whole place smelled like smoke and was just a place that people went to get off.
ID-0992	The Ste Marie Marie Antoinette Hotel, now renamed the Hotel Le Marais, is located in the heart of New Orleans, the famous French Quarter. Just steps away from all the sights and sounds of the Quarter, its location couldn't be more convenient. Its charming decor recalls earlier days of the Quarter, rich with history and atmosphere. The property houses a pool and restaurant/bar. The Ste Marie Marie Antoinette's rates are very competitive with other hotels in the area. Take a look at the hotel's brochure; see the value for yourself!
ID-0802	This hotel was great! The room was so big and spacious and we were very well taken care of. Great continental breakfast too! There was lots of variety to choose from. The staff was so friendly and accommodating and the price was right too! Check in and out were so quick and easy, we had no problems at all. We will definitely be coming back here again.
ID-0812	The Rio Hotel where everyroom is a suite is not just an ad! The rooms were HUGE! The best room for the price we ever had. The decor was classic. The only hotel we stayed in Vegas that actually used a water saving shower... a big plus. In terms of food the Rio had everything. Starbuck, a snack shop. The buffet had the best seafood with live pound and half and more lobster. The room service was very very reasonable.  The location is just off the strip but there is a shuttle that leaves every thirty minutes that we used to go to the center of the strip.  The service at the Rio, shuttles included, really gave us a Welcome To Vegas feeling. A great stay!
ID-1235	i absolutely hated my stay at the Hilton Garden Inn located at 1755 S Waterman Ave, San Bernardino, California. the staff was horribly rude and not helpful. They lost my luggage and then charged me a fee for having them find it despite it wasn't my fault for them losing it. The housekeeping failed to close my door so my laptop was stolen. the feather pillows were cheap and rancid, the feathers poked me all night long. the So called light and noise blocking curtains were anything but. I heard people in the pool all night and morning and the sunlight still came in through the curtains and made the area warm and uncomfortable. The room service was lousy, they couldn't scramble eggs if all of humanity depended on it. Wifi barely worked in the room and their coin laundry took all of my tokens so I couldn't wash. their Pavillon Market was way too expensive, I've never paid $7.00 for one hungry man dinner ever. their fitness room consisted of one punching bag and two treadmills with three weights 5, 10 and 20 lbs.
ID-0928	Overall, this hotel was lovely. The room was of great quality, and was cleaned and well kept. The room service was also desirable in that they were prompt and kept the bathroom well stocked with fresh towels and toiletries. The complementary breakfast was delicious, and offered a wide variety of options. Furthermore, the wifi was a great addition to the overall package. The casino shuttle service was also a nice touch and very convenient for guests. Finally, the gym was packed full of equipment and convenient to use. The jacuzzi suites were truly spacious and comfortable as well.
ID-0818	This hotel is very clean, and has a respectful and pleasant staff. Great continental breakfast. When we called for extra towels we had them within two minutes. Great overall experience.
ID-0926	My last stay in Santa Barbara was my best mini vacation in recent memory primarily because my fiancé and I stayed at the Oceana. The hotel boasted a beautiful view of the pacific ocean, mere steps from our front door. The furnishings were quaint and cozy and imparted a serene sense of comfort to the love nest. The hustle of this ocean town was perfectly offset by the beauty and peace of our room at Oceana.
ID-1117	If you want to visit the place straight out of the “Twilight Zone, by all means visit the Hotel Galvez. This place looks like something from a bad fifties horror movie. Although they claim it has, I don’t think the décor has been redone since then and the smell, oh my god, like a dead grandma. My entire room and sheets were all infused with this musty smell. This hotel needs major air duct work or to find where Norman Bates is keeping his dead mom and get rid of her. Air the place out for god sakes, you charge $350.00 for a room! The Galvez is rumored to be haunted, but I think they need new plumbing, because the sound of the toilet in the room above me, flushing all night, kept me awake, and I would have welcomed the company of a ghost. We could have played cards or done something to keep me entertained, because this hotel rates one big snore for entertainment. Unless your sixty and packing a walker or in preschool and still taking naps, stay away from this place unless you want to be rendered semi-comatose by boredom. Finally, there are the cockroaches. Everyone in the south has a few of them, but the ones at the Galvez look like they’ve been taking steroids on the sly. I hit one with a shoe, and I swear he got up, shook himself and then came after me, with murder in his beady little eyes. In summation, stay away from the hotel Galvez, unless you want to star as the victim in a bad horror movie, asphyxiated by mold, bored to tears and/or get eaten by killer cockroaches.
ID-1057	This hotel was... I stayed there about a month back, and boy, did I have problems with it. Oh, the rooms were okay, but my big problem was the staff.  More to the point: the staff are really inarticulate. I had to bring family, so I asked them how much it was for two rooms next to each other; they said the cost for both. I learned when I went to check out that what they meant was the cost for each and I was paying double my expectation because someone at the desk was an inarticulate, uneducated boob.  What was otherwise an okay experience was just ruined by this one moment, and when you're paying twice as much for a multiple day stay, that's a pretty big moment. Don't go; there's a Super 8 across the street, and even though you get what you pay for, at least you'll actually know how much you're paying.
ID-1263	I recently stayed at the Aulani Resort and Spa and I must say that if you want a relaxing vacation away from yelling kids and screaming babies don't come to Aulani. The 6 in our party were between the ages of 25 and 30 and 95% of the time we had to deal with screaming children running around our legs while tired parents tried to corral them. The food here is beyond expensive where the character breakfast was ~$20 per person and dinners at the Ama'ama Restaurant averaged between $30-$50! The layout of the resort was nice but if you don't enjoy kids don't come here. In the pool there are always kids splashing around and causing a ruckus! The rooms are nice but you don't go to a Disney Resort to stay in the rooms!
ID-1149	The website is deceiving. They show a nice view of Atlanta from an fancy terrace that does not exist in actual fact. The room they stuck me in was small and way back in the corner of the fifth floor. It had a bed that was nice, but no room to really move around. I felt like a sardine in there. The biggest heart-break was that I was expecting an extra special hotel based in the pictures on the website. The neighborhood is not safe, especially at night with vagrants and bums running rampant. I was very disappointed.
ID-0872	What a beautiful and wonderful place to spend our honeymoon! The staff went beyond our wildest dreams to make sure the room was nice. The room was very clean, comfortable and nicely decorated with perfect New Orleans charm. The hotel is a few blocks from the French Quarter so perfect walking distance for a night out, yet not having to pay the high taxi fees to try to make it safely back to the hotel. There just isnt enough words to say how much we loved this hotel!
ID-1245	First let me start off by saying that I absolutely hated the Marriot at Union Square. Upon walking in the receptionist was rude and wouldn't get off the phone while I stood there waiting for my room key. They said they couldn't find my reservation and I had to wait in the lobby for about twenty minutes until finally the manager came and apologized saying there had been a mistake and had found my reservation and could go up to my room. After getting no help in carrying my luggage up to my room, I walked in and a faint smell of chemicals hit me. I'm not sure from what but maybe it was to mask some awful odor from a previous guest. Either way I opened the window to let the smell out and was hit by the obnoxious noises from the street below. So many cars and people made it impossible for there to be one second of peace and quiet. I was told that the location was wonderful but nobody ever told me that while trying to sleep I would be bombarded by all the honks and noise from the street below and that all the lights would seep through my window curtain... at 3 AM!! It was like trying to sleep in the middle of a rave. There were so many things wrong with the hotel but I can't list them all because I hate reliving my experience. I do NOT recommend this place.
ID-0832	The trump plaza is the trashiest hotel i have ever had the displeasure of staying in. We walked in to our room and there was glass on the floor. the floor. We got zero compensation for the fact that our room was clearly uncleaned, they almost made it seem like maybe we planted it there. The experience dampened the whole casino trip. Luckily we won some money or it would have been a ruinous weekend.
ID-0936	Ramada had the best customer service I have ever come in contact with involving a hotel! We were only going to stay for three nights while visiting relatives on a recent trip to Cordele, GA. After 3 days, we wanted another night just because we felt so pampered and taken care of in the room. This was an awesome place to stay at! I would recommend this place to anyone needing a room in the south.
ID-1047	The hotel was not what expected the people where very rude And the room cost,to much just to stay one night was too much money
ID-1099	I HATED my stay at Desert Inn with a fiery passion. It was dirty. Trash bins weren't taken out, new bathroom essentials (shampoo, soap, etc) weren't supplied, the cleaning lady refused to give me clean towels! The other guests were LOUDDD and obnoxious. I will never. ever. visit this hotel again.
ID-0894	If you need an inexpensive, convenient place to stay in the Charleston, South Carolina area, the Red Roof Inn in North Charleston is a great choice. First of all, it’s very convenient to many shopping centers, retail establishments, restaurant and the highway, so you can get almost anywhere you need to go in a short period of time. It’s also just a quick trip down the expressway from the beach and historic downtown Charleston, but you don’t have to pay the ridiculous fees some of the other hotels in the area charge. The staff is friendly and our room was always very clean, and the Wi-Fi connection was excellent. Everyone we met who worked there or stayed there was really friendly. Overall, it was a great hotel in a great location at a great price. What more could you want? We will definitely be staying there again in the future.
ID-1197	Booked this hotel because it was close to family that we were visiting in the Eugene/Springfield It was located off I-5 at a very busy intersection. It was difficult to get in and out of the driveway becsuse of the traffic. It was noisy at night due to the traffic. Breakfast consist of powder eggs, pancakes, precooked sausage and box store pastries. As my mother would say You get what you pay for. I did not pay alot!!!
ID-0970	Our stay at the Arizona Grand was awesome! Our room was spacious, the bed was comfy, and we even got a balcony to enjoy (great for drying the kids' swimsuits after a day at the included waterpark). It was nice to have a separate bedroom and living room, and the summer time events were great (movie at the water park, which was also on tv if you wanted to stay in). We even used the hotel pool a few times when we were just worn out from the park activities and wanted some quiet. And speaking of quiet, for as busy as the resort was on a holiday weekend, you would never know from how quiet it was in our rooms! The hotel is wonderfully clean and well-kept, and I felt very safe staying here with my children. I would definitely stay here again!
ID-1065	This hotel was run down and smelly. The no-smoking room was thick with cigarette smoke and strong chemical cleaning smells. The carpet had dark stains. The bedding was very uncomfortable. The entire bathroom was yellowed with age. I felt very uncomfortable sleeping there. I will never return.
ID-0906	Centrally located, this facility has everything and is nearby to everything. Excellent food in the sumptuous restaurant. Excellent communication with the outside world. A stay to remember. thanks, blf.
ID-0830	I stayed at this Days Inn over the weekend for a friend’s wedding. This is a great hotel. They had fresh continental breakfast in the morning. The room was neat, clean and had no residual smell. The bed was comfortable and I rested quite well. I needed a map of the city and directions to the hall where the wedding was held, the front desk clerk was more than helpful. He researched the internet for directions on Map Quest and printed them out for me. He provided this service with a smile.
ID-1115	While I was staying in the hotel there were few prank calls that was really scary. The carpets were not that clean and not so good laundry facility. Cramped elevators and not so good breakfast. Hotel rooms are expensive for the service that they offer.
ID-1193	Our stay at this hotel was not very pleasant. While the room was spacious it didn't appear to be very clean. Also, it was a bit pricey for the location and accomodations. While the stay came with a free breakfast, it was not very good. The food was bland. They also offered a business station with a computer and internet access. Unfortunately the computer was outdated and the business room smelled bad.
ID-1097	The Westin in Virginia Beach is a rip-off. For upwards of $120/night you can have an amazing view of a parking lot. Your only option is to valet your car, at $20-$25 per night, plus tips, and the rooms will make you claustrophobic. The rooms are sparse with not even a minifridge and the AC rattled all night. To save the environment, or better yet, their pockets, they turn the water pressure to the lowest possible setting in the shower. You have to specially request that they change your sheets, and I had to call several times to get the proper amount of towels in the bathroom. On top of that, there was hair all over the shower wall. Paper thin walls mean you will hear your neighbors go to the bathroom, watch TV, or talk. I will never be going back again.
ID-1087	If you wnat to stay some palce where it is sucha snobby place then this is the hotel for you. Very upscale and you feel like you cant rtelax while you are on vacation. they make you dress up collared shirt just to have dinner at a resort that is over by the beach!!!!
ID-1004	Come spend the night at this amazing property. Fresh smelling rooms, clean linen, sparkling pool are just a few to name. Our hotel staff is always friendly.
ID-0938	We were going from Miami to Key West and were too tired to drive all the way, so we decided to spend the night at Florida City. As it was a Saturday night, we were not sure about availability of rooms. But then we stopped at a tourist center and there was this hotel just behind it. It had 4 different wings so we were sure that we would get a room. We enquired the rates, which were pretty reasonable for that hotel so we checked in.   The hotel was rated as 2 stars. I have stayed at other two star hotels and was delighted to see a much better room this time. The hotel room was spacious, the furniture looked brand new. There was microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker, air conditioner in the room. All the appliances were clean and looked very well maintained. The bed was super nice and we had a good night's sleep. The bathroom had room freshner and was in spotless condition. The soap and shampoo were of good quality. They even served breakfast. We chatted with the receptionist who was very helpful in telling us about local tourist spots. We went to everglades national park on her advice even though it was not on our itinerary. We saw many crocs and the detour was totally worth it. I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone.
ID-0939	Love this!  Well made, sturdy, and very comfortable.  I love it!Very pretty
ID-0940	love it, a great upgrade from the original.  I've had mine for a couple of years
ID-0941	This pillow saved my back. I love the look and feel of this pillow.
ID-0942	Missing information on how to use it, but it is a great product for the price!  I
ID-0943	Very nice set. Good quality. We have had the set for two months now and have not been
ID-0944	I WANTED DIFFERENT FLAVORS BUT THEY ARE NOT.
ID-0945	They are the perfect touch for me and the only thing I wish they had a little more space.
ID-0946	These done fit well and look great.  I love the smoothness of the edges and the extra
ID-0947	Great big numbers & easy to read, the only thing I didn't like is the size of the
ID-0948	My son loves this comforter and it is very well made.  We also have a baby
ID-0949	As advertised. 5th one I've had. The only problem is that it's not really a
ID-0950	Very handy for one of my kids and the tools are included in the package. I have one in
ID-0951	Did someone say, "Oriental for $60"?  It is a great product for the
ID-0952	These are so flimsy! They are not the quality you would expect from a piece of furniture.
ID-0953	Makes may tea with out stirring. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put
ID-0954	Absolutely adorable! And excellent price. We have had the wooden ones for a few months now and they
ID-0955	Love this!  Perfect size for an entire family!Very good quality.
ID-0956	These look beautiful and so nice. The only problem is that it's not really a mesh one.
ID-0957	Exactly what you would expect. I love the look and feel of this pillow.
ID-0958	10 Stars, I would highly recommend this item. We love this blanket.
ID-0959	Great little egg masher.  We have had it for a few months now and it's been
ID-0960	As advertised.  Easy to use.  Love the colors.  Also, the dimensions are just
ID-0961	it is exactly as pictured. I love the look and feel of this pillow.
ID-0962	Fantastic, just what I wanted!!!  I love the look and feel of this pillow.
ID-0963	Supposed to come with extra hardware. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum,
ID-0964	Easy to use. Seems to be an easy way to make a smoothie for a small person.
ID-0965	Not what I am accustomed to. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I just can
ID-0966	Nice product & seller. Yes, it is a very thin plastic piece. However, the handle has
ID-0967	So good we bought the second set and they look just like the first one. I am not sure
ID-0968	Wonderful aroma throughout the house.  The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put
ID-0969	Received in no time flat.  I love the look.  My husband likes it too.
ID-0970	These are okay they are not as nice as the ones I got from my local store but they are
ID-0971	gave them away - thought it would be a good addition to my kitchen!  I am very
ID-0972	Product is fine, wish it had an option to have a separate handle.
ID-0973	Awesome is all I have to say, the materials are good, and the quality is decent.
ID-0974	Way too heavy for everyday use. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the one we
ID-0975	Well made, works great.  We have had the wooden part of the cup for a couple of
ID-0976	Bought these to go with my old suction cups. I also love that they are removable and
ID-0977	Just as expected! Looks great and has the design to make it a nice place for the baby to
ID-0978	Awful experience, everything stuck, cooked evenly. The only problem is that it's not really a
ID-0979	Does a great job of keeping the suction on. I also love that it doesn't slide.
ID-0980	"SHEET COLOR IS NICE BUY FOR MY SIZE FOR MY TOWN.
"
ID-0981	Save $ on these instead of the original shipping box. I will keep my money!Very pretty.
ID-0982	These towels are real nice, and I love the feel of them.  They have a nice feel
ID-0983	Works great, easy to clean, and easy to clean. I will be purchasing more!Very pretty
ID-0984	Alright for the price,but was a little disappointed with the quality of the product.
ID-0985	Great quality, beautiful color.  We have had the same one for a few months now and love
ID-0986	I put paper in one corner of the cabinet and put a piece of paper in the other corner.
ID-0987	Great stickers but a little small. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the one in
ID-0988	Great quality and the fabric looks great.  It is thick enough to hold a small amount of coffee
ID-0989	Perfect. They do exactly what I need them to do. I will keep them for a long time
ID-0990	Love this movie & the time it took to finish. I will keep my review for the next time
ID-0991	Will not seal properly. Atrocious little ones, they feel like they will break if you throw
ID-0992	Got these for the third time.  I have a small dog and my son loves to throw them
ID-0993	Excellent product and a much better quality than the one you get at Walmart for $50.
ID-0994	These are just perfect, exactly what I was looking for.
ID-0995	Such a great purchase can't beat it for the price
ID-0996	What can you say--- cheap and it works as intended.
ID-0997	These are so nice, sturdy, like the color choices too.
ID-0998	It is nice bowl and have had a fast shipping!
ID-0999	Great cup. Will last forever. Keeps things cool / warm.
ID-1000	Love them, just thought they would be a bit bigger!
ID-1001	Excellent quality product. Perfect for my ccozinha.
ID-1002	This fan is really pretty and I actually use it.
ID-1003	Super rough, not soft wash cloths, more like bar towels
ID-1004	Like this little guy. Use it often. He is small.
ID-1005	Perfect size .easy to unfold. Topremoves for storage. Love this.
ID-1006	Does not do a very good job; difficult to use.
ID-1007	frame was beautifully crafted and looks great with my picture.
ID-1008	My hot cocoa is finally perfect! This product is fabulous
ID-1009	i bought this for a friend and he loves it.
ID-1010	Very soft and great quality for such a low price!
ID-1011	Purchased as a Christmas gift.  She will love it.
ID-1012	accurate description, works great, came on time, i'm very happy!
ID-1013	Use it in my Duvet cover. Fluffy and perfect fit!
ID-1014	One of the softest blankets ever. So nice and cozy.
ID-1015	Smells great, and the fine mist dries quickly. My favorite.
ID-1016	Exactly what I was expecting. perfect curtains for my bedroom.
ID-1017	Just what I wanted to hang my pants and skirts.
ID-1018	It's kind of small, we were looking for something larger.
ID-1019	A little pricey for what it is.
ID-1020	works great & the charge kept up all day long
ID-1021	This is a nice quality frame at a good price
ID-1022	Does the job, but nothing special. Not hard to install.
ID-1023	Item as described and arrived in a timely manner.
ID-1024	Bought 2 and sent one back because it didn't work
ID-1025	Made well holds all my make brushes, pencils, mascara etc.
ID-1026	sheds all over, would not buy it ever again. blanket.
ID-1027	Works great, it's Pyrex, I'd expect nothing less from them.
ID-1028	we like this little opener, real easy on my hands.
ID-1029	Perfect. Love everything about them. Look great in my kitchen.
ID-1030	air tight and it works great glad i got it
ID-1031	Very cute and good quality fabric. Zippers worked well too.
ID-1032	These were great to send my grandkids their Halloween treats
ID-1033	Save a ton by using these instead of paper towels!
ID-1034	These are so weak. They barely bring in any air.
ID-1035	Great set of glasses!  Good quality, comfortable to handle.
ID-1036	It feels cool to the touch but is super hard.
ID-1037	So cute, made well my grand daughter will love this.
ID-1038	Works as expected for connecting CCTV power supply to cameras.
ID-1039	Very Soft ! Definitely better quality than I was expecting.
ID-1040	Nice and contemporary. Great for the price. Easy to assemble.
ID-1041	Super cute and appears to be great quality! Highly recommend!
ID-1042	These are really cool actually.  My boyfriend loved them.
ID-1043	Bought as a gift for a cousin.  Very nice.
ID-1044	Stopped working after one use still waiting on my refund
ID-1045	cute and reasonably price. I am happy with my purchase.
ID-1046	Well received and comfortable. Gave as gift to dialysis patient.
ID-1047	do not expected to be so poor on quality ,
ID-1048	Easy to review. The kid DDS love them!  Thanks
ID-1049	Really ruff under your feet, it feels very sturdy. I will keep my feet in the chair
ID-1050	Order to place special photos on the wall.  We've had it for a couple of weeks and
ID-1051	"baby like it! Thermal insulation helps to keep the food warmer.

The thermal insulation helps keep"
ID-1052	I like it, just wish it had more wide opening. I also love that it's been made
ID-1053	I love pyrex quality and this set is the best. I will be purchasing more in the future
ID-1054	Perfect for additional storage and convenience. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but
ID-1055	These smell great! I'm pretty happy with the quality and quality of this product!This is a
ID-1056	The turquoise is almost neon. It's a very bright pink.
ID-1057	Easy to hold, and the material is nice and thick. I will keep my shelves in order and
ID-1058	Works great for chocolate, yogurt, or any other fruit. I also love that it's removable and
ID-1059	Love it. I think I will buy more.Very nice set of knives!  I have one
ID-1060	Nice small ottoman that does what it should.  Not too big or too small. 
ID-1061	they look great in my kitchen. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the
ID-1062	Bought this as a Father's Day gift and it's just what I needed!  I love
ID-1063	Great for winter months, very soft and comfortable.  I've slept on this for about a week
ID-1064	Nice soft sheets but I find it difficult to put them on a bed that is too warm and doesn
ID-1065	This is a beautifully made, sturdy, and very comfortable chair.  It is very comfortable and functional
ID-1066	Need to buy two to go with the wide wooden legs of the bedding. I have one in
ID-1067	Very nice and sturdy. I use it as a long-term storage container for my small bags of
ID-1068	Just as good as original-type containers, the wooden handle is smooth and solid, the handle fits
ID-1069	Excellent, the grill looks very nice. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum,
ID-1070	Nice large, sturdy canvas tote, and it's lightweight and comfortable.
ID-1071	Good quality and good price. I love the look and feel of this pillow.
ID-1072	I ordered the light blue, and it arrived with a very small opening.  The yellow was just
ID-1073	Purchased as a gift!  We have had this one for two months now and it's
ID-1074	Very good price for product!I have had this for a few months now and have used it every
ID-1075	Gets all the shampoo &/or conditioner you want, and I will keep my shower in
ID-1076	This is a mini-chair! Not a real chair. It is a full chair that is comfortable
ID-1077	Happy with my purchase.  We have had the same mattress for a few months now and this one
ID-1078	Works great to keep light on. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the
ID-1079	Bought for son in college, and he loves it!Very good quality.
ID-1080	Terrible, complete waste of money. Not a whole lot to say.
ID-1081	It looks very nice in my bedroom and the materials are good.  I have a large one and
ID-1082	Easy to put together and looks nice and the finish is good.  I have a large one and
ID-1083	Just what I expected!!! Made a real difference in the quality of my kitchen!This is a pretty
ID-1084	I'm so glad I got this set, as it is a great deal for the price! 
ID-1085	Do the job, are adorable, and have the quality to make them a nice addition to the kitchen
ID-1086	Too much work.  This is an easy way to make a smoothie that is perfect for the
ID-1087	Just okay. Did not fit my containers well. We love this blanket.
ID-1088	As far as little plastic, it's fine, but I'm not sure how well it will hold
ID-1089	So nice, was a gift for a friend. We love this blanket.
ID-1090	Skinnier than I thought. But it has the quality and design of a lot of other products
ID-1091	Very quick shipping and excellent customer service.  Great value for the money!This is a great little
ID-1092	Works great, this design makes it easy to hang and it is a nice size for the size of
ID-1093	Perfect! Works in your oven and has the right height. I also love that it's removable and
ID-1094	Service was great, can't wait to try it out!Very good quality.
ID-1095	Arrived quickly and is the perfect size for the long haul.  I also have a large one
ID-1096	CHEAP CHINA.  Not a big deal, but it is a little pricey for a
ID-1097	Gave to Mother as a gift. The quality is good but it's not really the best one
ID-1098	Great for spices but not for anything else.  Not good enough.Nice, sturdy, and functional
ID-1099	My car smells no different after 3 weeks.  Snake oil.
ID-1100	This pillow cushion is well constructed and easily washed. Very comfortable.
ID-1101	Haven't used the big ones but the small ones work great!
ID-1102	Takes out the mystery of when my meat is finished cooking
ID-1103	Its nice to have an organizer large enough for the utensils.
ID-1104	Works perfectly.  Easy to put in your art and hang.
ID-1105	Great little rug!  I'd buy it again in different colors.
ID-1106	Holds some gift wrap but not longer tubes which is disappointing.
ID-1107	Belts never last long enough but this seems to work okay.
ID-1108	Such a great price, less expensive than renting & great quality
ID-1109	Good for the price but doesn't soften up much after washing
ID-1110	I love these sheets!!!!  Goes great with my star quilts
ID-1111	Great mug - bigger than I thought it would be too!
ID-1112	I gave this as a gift and my daughter loves hers.
ID-1113	These are great!  Great space saver in our laundry room!
ID-1114	Very flexible leading edge not quite as helpful under all conditions.
ID-1115	bottom will not stay on.....zero customer service  do not buy
ID-1116	Very nice, elegant glass and does improve the taste of wine.
ID-1117	excellent product if you are a side sleeper this is perfect
ID-1118	When there not in the oven they make great place mats
ID-1119	love it  it is so cute in my new bathroom
ID-1120	Exactly as pictured! Sturdy and perfect for baking and cooking needs!
ID-1121	Top notch artistry done on this bust from grand jesters studios.
ID-1122	Love these and I get many comments on this spoon :-)
ID-1123	Did not expect this table to  be this nice, Thanks
ID-1124	Great product. Arrived on time and matched my shower curtain perfectly.
ID-1125	a nice secondary vacuum for small apartments and reaching tight areas
ID-1126	Good size, good value for money. Looks great in my bar.
ID-1127	Somewhat hard to clean, not as convenient as I had hoped.
ID-1128	Works Great with all my battery candles of the same brand.
ID-1129	Ok pillow kind of too hard and firm not very soft
ID-1130	Perfection. Beyond easy to use, minimal effort, fast and perfect froth.
ID-1131	Love this item. I smile every time I I use it
ID-1132	Fleece blanket is cozy warm. It was exactly what I wanted.
ID-1133	Noticed today top I'd bubbling up where a glass was set
ID-1134	Great for weighing in lbs and oz not grams. Fast shipping.
ID-1135	These were great. I just had to order a longer size.
ID-1136	Nice sticks; used these for almost every meal; good for PHO.
ID-1137	This is one of the best things I have ever bought
ID-1138	Love it but too small.  Would love in larger size
ID-1139	Perfect for my candy buffet, and it will certainly be multipurpose.
ID-1140	Works perfect. Use this for my EV cord in the garage
ID-1141	Do not waste your money.  It broke after one month.
ID-1142	A little tacky, but on the shelf in the spare bathroom.
ID-1143	Helps cool my memory mattress a little but not a lot.
ID-1144	This is perfect. I wish I would have ordered it earlier.
ID-1145	Excellent packaging, Fast shipping , super quality for the right price.
ID-1146	Good mix - my favorite is still the Goloka Nag Champa
ID-1147	Just what the bride wanted came out nice with the engraving.
ID-1148	The color slightly different than I got,the website pictures looks better.
ID-1149	Really great, soft and warm. I love the feel of this blanket.
ID-1150	LESS THEN 1 YEAR OLD, BUT NO MORE!!  I've had mine for 2 months now
ID-1151	"It's a pint. And it's a pint, too.

It's also a pint"
ID-1152	Perfect for what I needed. I love the look and feel of this pillow.
ID-1153	Bought this just to pick up an old mattress and it was a nice piece of equipment. 
ID-1154	the plastic rings either gone or destroyed the pieces.  I will keep my old ones as gifts.
ID-1155	Nice just more trouble then it looks, the finish is a bit thin, not the best quality.
ID-1156	Great Seller. Item just like it.Great quality and just what I needed for my kitchen! 
ID-1157	Very cute. Go with what you have. Not too big or too small.
ID-1158	looks high end and feels nice. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put
ID-1159	This mug is VERY nice.  I love the look and feel of it, and the size and
ID-1160	It works really well it looks great and the materials are good.  I have a large one and
ID-1161	Ordered this as a gift and it arrived on time. I will keep my review for the next
ID-1162	Beautiful calming light. Not sure what it is. We love this blanket.
ID-1163	I like the clock although it has the design flaw which is that it is a little hard to read
ID-1164	Exactly as advertised. Better quality than the original. We love this blanket.
ID-1165	Perfect solution to sorting his messes and the tools. I also love that it's removable and can
ID-1166	very cute item, going to go with the wide wooden legs for a nice dinner table.
ID-1167	Beautious!  The perfect wall clock.  It's a good size and looks great in my
ID-1168	Just OK. Am buying a second set.I love these containers.  They work well and look
ID-1169	Great comforter especially when you are on the go.  I will keep my shelves in order
ID-1170	"It's nice, fit just right, and the quality is good.

The only reason I"
ID-1171	These are very nice mugs.  They are very long and fit nicely on my shelves. 
ID-1172	Easy to assemble.  Arrived on time and as described.  My husband and I have been
ID-1173	I bought one for my daughter and it was very comfortable.  She also loves the way the bed
ID-1174	Wife love s it. Packed it with the pieces and it was perfect.
ID-1175	I love CrockPots that is perfect for the wide variety of containers.
ID-1176	I hang it myself and it looks nice.  I've also used it for a few hours.
ID-1177	Using my second set of glasses, I thought they would be a nice addition to the kitchen. 
ID-1178	Big mirror that fits perfectly into my cabinet.  I've also used this for a few years.
ID-1179	Pretty good!  quite a few of the pieces are just too small.  I would recommend them
ID-1180	This is the second one that I have bought and it is a nice piece of equipment.
ID-1181	Perfect size for hanging wreath, an easy to use and efficient way to make a small wreath
ID-1182	I ADORE these bowls, can't wait to make the next batch of cold drinks!This is
ID-1183	They work great. I also use it as a measuring cup for measuring cupcakes.
ID-1184	Nice fit in the hand.  I love the feel of the fabric.  The colors are just
ID-1185	Great for the price!  We have had this for a few months now and have used it every
ID-1186	I bought these for bottling wine.  I love them.  I also like the fact that
ID-1187	Good padding and nice quality.  I love the feel of the fabric.  I would buy again
ID-1188	I love this popcorn machine!  I love the popcorn and I will keep my popcorn in this one
ID-1189	Nice but the size of the containers is a little small for a cup of tea.Very pretty.
ID-1190	Much easier to use Can't go wrong with this product. I will keep my review for the next
ID-1191	Great can opener that looks nice on the countertop. I will keep my opener in the drawer.
ID-1192	love it, just wish the handle was more wide. Very good quality.
ID-1193	seems to have a defective seal. The only way to fix it is to just throw the container
ID-1194	works great. But boy do I love the fact that you can't just turn it off and off
ID-1195	"These are sturdy, snap into place, and are very comfortable.

The only reason I gave"
ID-1196	These have worked out so well. The only problem is that they are small, and the one I
ID-1197	"Great color and feel, very soft and great price.
I would recommend it."
ID-1198	Very small but works if you don't have a lot of space.
ID-1199	Burns the hell out of my hands. Doesn't work at high temps
ID-1200	Works so fast. replaced the one I broke.
ID-1201	This shower curtain is beautiful. Nice fabric. Looks great in my bathroom.
ID-1202	Use it at work with our staff of 5. Holding up well.
ID-1203	Great mug! Husband says it is one of his favorites.
ID-1204	Worked out great for the small space I had in my closet!
ID-1205	Was a gift, so don't know how it is. It is beautiful.
ID-1206	This product actually works. Tried before and after use, definitely a difference.
ID-1207	Very happy with the quality of the merchandise and the speedy delivery.
ID-1208	American made! Love that, now I just need the matching measuring cups
ID-1209	Not enough for a whole pie. Would need two or three sets.
ID-1210	Very impressed with the quality. Its a great size bag and durable.
ID-1211	Does what it is suppose to do. Hot water in a flash
ID-1212	fantastic goblet, can store a lot of fluid like wine and beer!
ID-1213	Doesn't get warm even after sitting on it for hours.
ID-1214	I can't believe the low price for such quality!  Love it!
ID-1215	This is a reorder. Rated before whwn originally purchase.
ID-1216	Makes a good cup of coffee and takes any of the cups
ID-1217	I ordered this for my husband...he loves the set...especially the noodle strainer:)
ID-1218	Plastic threads in the socket and the bulbs sent do not fit.
ID-1219	Nice. haven't totally unpacked it yet. is a gift. Styrofoam all over the place.
ID-1220	don't last long if you pull it along but otherwise it's ok
ID-1221	Exactly what I was looking for.  Love that they are clear.
ID-1222	These are great toilet brush holders. Sleek design and appear well made
ID-1223	Excellent service; arrived quickly and as promised. This is a lovely lamp.
ID-1224	I loved this! Small little cookie cutter - does its job perfectly.
ID-1225	Makes keeping track of shoes easier, up off the floor and visible.
ID-1226	Wonderful product.  Shipped promptly.  Ordered about ten sets a gifts.
ID-1227	very slow toasting, my rye bread becomes rock hard before it's toasted.
ID-1228	I do find it a bit too soft, but overall it's ok.
ID-1229	I bought 10 of them and one of the corners was broken.
ID-1230	"I want more
The perfect pasta,cereal,ice cream,soup bowl ever perfect size for cereal"
ID-1231	I love the Blue Air product and these filter covers are awesome!
ID-1232	Love it! Good quality and nice soft night light and noise variations
ID-1233	worked OK the one time before it fell apart and became unusable
ID-1234	Is s good strong suction vacuume. World's good an the carpet also.
ID-1235	Nice floral. no dead heading and no watering.
ID-1236	The lghts work beautifully and are very bright.
ID-1237	Worked for my rum infused chocolate covered strawberries and molded chocolate hearts.
ID-1238	The shells are beautiful and just what I'm looking for.  Thanks.
ID-1239	Good quality, great price.  A tad loose on my 15" mattress.
ID-1240	very sturdy and a great addition to our eat in breakfast nook.
ID-1241	Classic, sturdy and functional.  Perfect for keeping honey at room temperature.
ID-1242	Wonderful!!!!! Great size, throw them in the dishwasher - these area GREAT!!!!!
ID-1243	This one came to me broken!! The handle was a broken piece!
ID-1244	Sturdy,  holds all my Camis and makes them easy to access.
ID-1245	Beautiful shower curtain. Just what I wanted. Looks good in my bathroom.
ID-1246	I have used these containers for a couple of weeks and I really love them. I have one in
ID-1247	Love the way the top holds the suction cups. I also love that the suction cups are
ID-1248	Love the candles...have ordered more...also, have had the candles burn for a couple of weeks
ID-1249	Used as a white elephant, it's just too thin for my liking.
ID-1250	My daughters loves it!  We have had it for a few months now and it's been great
ID-1251	For a single cup of coffee, you can feel the coffee taste fresher, the coffee tastes lighter
ID-1252	Not what I expected my old ones to be. I will keep them for the future.
ID-1253	unpacked and used as soon as it arrived.  I was a little surprised how well this one
ID-1254	Very flimsy for blackout curtains. Not an easy task to put together. Also, the dimensions are
ID-1255	"A standard christmas present for a friend, she loves it.

The only reason I gave"
ID-1256	Looks fantastic in my guest room. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but
ID-1257	So easy to put up!  I love the look and feel of this pillow.
ID-1258	I absolutely love it.  We have had it for a few months now and it's been great
ID-1259	Fits my 32 oz. Ozark, and I love the fact that it comes with a small
ID-1260	Such an amazing product and looks amazing in the kitchen. I will definitely buy again!Very pretty.
ID-1261	Perfect size for eggs for a couple of reasons.  I need a lot of egg whites and they
ID-1262	"Great straws - very durable and will last a long time.

The only reason I gave"
ID-1263	Does the job but thinner than a professional blender?  I will say that it's a pretty good
ID-1264	Nicely made.  Great for keeping an open space on a shelf.  Very well made.
ID-1265	Fits well and seems to last a long time. Very good quality.
ID-1266	I love this, perfect for what I need.  I've had mine for a couple of years
ID-1267	they look pretty, will see some wear and tear on them but overall they are just the right size
ID-1268	Excellent product - my second. I love the look and feel of this pillow.
ID-1269	so ergonomically correct are these.  The only problem is that they are not really the same
ID-1270	Mom loves it and is perfect for the summer.Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and sturdy
ID-1271	Tiny spatulas. Unless you are using a professional spatula you will need to make sure the
ID-1272	Purchased for my 10-year-old daughter, who has arthritis in her hands. 
ID-1273	Easy to set up, sturdy, and easy to clean. I will be purchasing more!Very pretty
ID-1274	Still a good product after reading a few reviews.Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and functional
ID-1275	I use these bags to store containers and they are very thick and sturdy. They are very easy to
ID-1276	I thought this would be a good addition to my kitchen.  I also have a large kitchen.
ID-1277	Complements different color schemes, that are more vibrant and more comfortable.
ID-1278	Softer than my more expensive, more expensive, more expensive model, I'm just not sure how
ID-1279	I put the bottles of wine in the freezer and they are still fresh!  I have one in
ID-1280	Small and compact, this travel mug has the design and design of a travel mug.
ID-1281	Works like a charm. Item looks great and the materials are good.  I have a large one
ID-1282	Love it use it daily and it is the best. I will keep my review.Very pretty.
ID-1283	Item exactly as described,  and it arrived with a very good seal.  The dimensions are just
ID-1284	does great on pug dog treats.  It's a good size and the lid is strong enough
ID-1285	Does not fit my husbands bed.  It's just too small.  I would order one.
ID-1286	This is not what I wanted. The quality is just what I wanted. The dimensions are just what
ID-1287	Very comfortable and helps my wrists. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but
ID-1288	Don't waste your time buying this set, they are just too thin and need to be cleaned every
ID-1289	I wish I had bought this sooner, but it is a great product for the price!  It
ID-1290	Wish these were thicker. The cute polka dots pretty much disappear after baking.
ID-1291	The hooks are great for hanging stars from my ceiling! And great price!
ID-1292	Returned and exchanged twice now. Base broken every time. Over it.
ID-1293	This knife is very sharp, be careful. Worked perfect for what i needed.
ID-1294	Nice to travel with, taking them to Italy where ice is rather scarce.
ID-1295	If their handles were a bit thicker/stronger they will be a great product.
ID-1296	Do Not buy!! Quit working less than 2 months after it was purchased!!!
ID-1297	not as sturdy as i had expected. wobbles. it does the job though.
ID-1298	the blue color is much better than on picture. Good price and quality.
ID-1299	The knob from the end of the rod broke. Not good quality product.
ID-1300	They hold up my clothes. The yellow stuff doesn't rub off. Good hangars.
ID-1301	A little shorter then i expected but will try it out next christmas
ID-1302	Love these sheets they are soft, cotton feel fit our king waterbed .
ID-1303	as others mentioned - cord kinda small, and the hose is kinda stiff.
ID-1304	Got this for my daughters new place.  She seems to love it.
ID-1305	These were really fun for an Alice and Wonderland themed party.
ID-1306	This is a beautiful table runner and looks great on my antique table.
ID-1307	Worked as expected, good price. Not much to say about a balloon weight.
ID-1308	Nice and easy to assemble, it serves it's purpose both functional and aesthetically
ID-1309	These are so useful and attractive.  They made my old knives obsolete.
ID-1310	Works great and less than the shark brand! wiil and have bought again
ID-1311	This is exactly as advertised. Does. To get moldy.  Easy to clean.
ID-1312	Nice design great speed .. It worked excellent for my home made tamales
ID-1313	Smells good, but it was broken and the glass is  cracked bad.
ID-1314	I was sent a soap fish that looked nothing like the pictures cattie.
ID-1315	Great product, does it's job well holding my lunch several days a week.
ID-1316	Cute lunchbox, great for preschooler. Fits plenty of food and easy to clean.
ID-1317	Nice quality. I bought this to be used with my Solo Campfire Stove.
ID-1318	Can't beat this time tested design.  Easy installation... highly functional ...priced right.
ID-1319	In terms of overall durability, they're great, but they do scratch very easily.
ID-1320	So far, so good! And no weird smell, unlike so many plastic liners.
ID-1321	Fantastic design. No debris falls out with the ends designed as they are.
ID-1322	Nice size.  Fits perfectly.  Love the added organization  they provide.
ID-1323	I use this pot for most everything!  This is my second purchase.
ID-1324	Very pleased with the product. Arrived in a timely manner. Exactly as shown.
ID-1325	Great for the mudrooma and as a towel rack and other wonderful projects.
ID-1326	SOOOOOOO cute. I love them. Adorable. Well made and totally worth the price!!
ID-1327	I got these as a gift for my son.
ID-1328	Hygienic and great looks, what else do you want from a toilet brush?
ID-1329	I have this on my bar for rimming salt for margaritas. Looks sleek.
ID-1330	Returned because I thought I was ordering the bed and not the trundle
ID-1331	This clock is large, easy to read, inexpensive, and gets the job done.
ID-1332	great tool ....my knives are a sharp as when I purchased them new
ID-1333	Super cute & great price! Have it in the blue and white too!
ID-1334	Bought as a gift for my daughter, seems to be a great buy.
ID-1335	Very good buy for the price. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the
ID-1336	Doesn't fit queen bed. The material is too thick and thin for a queen bed.
ID-1337	GREAT PRODUCT... HAVE HAD CORELLE FOR YEARS!!WONDERFUL PRODUCT!
ID-1338	"Keep cold drinks cold, hot drinks hot, cold drinks hot.

The only reason I gave"
ID-1339	It was as exactly decribed as it was shown on the picture.  The actual dimensions are just
ID-1340	Not only does this ottoman look nice, it's comfortable and looks nice on my countertop
ID-1341	The glass is wonderful, the colors are vibrant and the design is a nice touch.
ID-1342	I bought this as a gift for my daughter and she loved it.  It's been a great
ID-1343	Great Product & Service. I use it everyday.Very comfortable.  I love it!Very pretty
ID-1344	These curtains weren't as wide as I expected.  I was expecting a tighter curtain, but the
ID-1345	Easy to use. Pie edges are a little thin, but I will keep that in mind when making
ID-1346	Totally works for me, I use it everyday. It is very easy to clean, I have
ID-1347	The colors are good and look good, the materials are good, and the quality is good.
ID-1348	It's so amazing how it looks on the wall.  I will keep it for a long time
ID-1349	"These knives aren't only nice, they're also very sharp.

The blade is sharp."
ID-1350	I love this set! It looks great and the colors are vibrant.  I have a large collection
ID-1351	Great cupcake holder. Looked nice and sturdy, but the instructions are a little misleading.
ID-1352	My wife has been making cookies for the last two years and she's happy with the way she's
ID-1353	The pillow is excessively firm.  I have an older version of this pillow that is a little larger
ID-1354	I grow my own spices and herbs and they are just what I needed for my kitchen.
ID-1355	High Quality. Works well. Solid material. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum
ID-1356	Handled heavy pans without tipping.  The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put
ID-1357	Look nice but is too small for my liking.Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and functional
ID-1358	Just Stunning! Clean and Modern. We have had this for a few months now and have been
ID-1359	really l;ike this item.  We have had it for a few months now and it's
ID-1360	Perfect for my white desk. I love the look and feel of this chair.
ID-1361	Gorgeous industrial feel. Easy to use. The only problem is that it's not really a
ID-1362	Exactly as described. Purchased as a gift and the recipient loved it.
ID-1363	These are a nice size and a nice quality.  I will keep them for the next couple of
ID-1364	Knives look well in the kitchen. The only problem is that it's not really a strong one
ID-1365	Very pretty and the size is perfect.  It is thick enough to hold a small person and is
ID-1366	Used this on my mattress and it kept the sheets comfortable.  I also have a mattress that is
ID-1367	COMFORTABLE BUT MADE FOR A LOT OF USE!!  I've had mine for a couple
ID-1368	So far, this thing has been a great addition to my kitchen.  I have a large kitchen
ID-1369	Fit well.  Not as thick as the ones we have but it's still a very nice one
ID-1370	"These icetrays really are easy-release, and have the design to make them work.
"
ID-1371	"The scale is not accurate, it is just a bit too large.

The scale has a"
ID-1372	I use this for doing some laundry and it's a good size.  It's been a couple
ID-1373	These sheets are very thin, and have a wide opening. I will be purchasing a different size for
ID-1374	These are exactly what I needed. The only problem is that they are small, and the one I
ID-1375	Loved it. Stopped working within a week and the only thing I did was turn it off
ID-1376	Love it, and so will my wife and I. Very good quality.
ID-1377	Make sure you follow,the directions are very easy to follow. I will keep my review for the
ID-1378	"The cushion works well for what it is intended to do.

The only reason I gave it"
ID-1379	doesn't last very long. you can only burn so long before it won't float.
ID-1380	I use to make beer can chicken on the smoker.  Cleans up easily.
ID-1381	Soft, soft, soft.  We love them.  We would order again without hesitation.
ID-1382	Perfect small scale! Easy to use and compact size makes it convenient for travel.
ID-1383	I love this pitcher! Perfect for tea and it doesn't drip all over everything!
ID-1384	every bit as good as the name brand; do not hesitate to get these!
ID-1385	Perfect size for my kitchen.  Easy to assemble. Very happy with this cart!
ID-1386	Didn't really help make a difference.  Must be time for a new robot
ID-1387	These hooks are gorgeous! They really add an elegant touch to my shower curtain.
ID-1388	"Love the color. Love that it is lightweight.
The bowls are much larger than expected."
ID-1389	This item's bulky for a small apartment counter top, but works like a charm!
ID-1390	Love, love, love this coffee maker. It is the perfect size for my RV.
ID-1391	Works well even when only partially submerged. Makes frothing easy for beginners like me.
ID-1392	Went together OK and looks good in the corner. The color is very dark
ID-1393	You rarely have to use the AC if you live somewhere with no humidity.
ID-1394	GIFT FOR HUSBAND, HAS SHARPENED EVERY KNIFE IN THE HOUSE. WORKS WELL, NO PROBLEMS
ID-1395	"These are nice towels. Absorbs well.
Getting ready to see if they come in gray"
ID-1396	Nice product have not had much experience with this thing the roller is awesome..
ID-1397	Plastic a little flimsy but it does hold many photos and keeps them safe
ID-1398	This knife sharpener works really well I also sharpen my sewing scissors with it
ID-1399	This product is sturdy and has a nice design.  Will last and last.
ID-1400	Decent for the price. I am using it behind my love seat...so it works.
ID-1401	Definitely not water proof but worth the price, keeps the dust and dirt away.
ID-1402	Very nice but you have to be careful in handling. The edges crack easily.
ID-1403	Had a mismatched header vs bed frame.  This worked great! Have recommended since!
ID-1404	It was a gift for my daughter and she said it really works well.
ID-1405	"kind of cheap, really thin metal, does the trick.
Exactly what youd expect for $1.99."
ID-1406	Love this product, wish it had built in razor for cutting, otherwise I'm happy
ID-1407	cute - my granddaughter is 3 & has it in her play kitchen set
ID-1408	A gift for my granddaughter after she saw mine and we both love them.
ID-1409	This worked great for my skin and my hair! Definitely recommend it to others!
ID-1410	Simply put, they are fantastic.  Very happy with my purchase!  Thank you!
ID-1411	Easy to cut, let the right amount of light in and keeps peepers out.
ID-1412	My wife and I put this together rather quickly and it looks really good!
ID-1413	Good price and they look lovely on my windows.  I've gotten many compliments.
ID-1414	These are great. The mounts hold the bottle well and they come out easy.
ID-1415	all the carts I got where well worth the money I paidi for them
ID-1416	Enhances the mood while purifying the air. Doubles as a beautiful night light too!
ID-1417	DON'T BEND THEM OR THEY WILL SPLIT.  THEY NEED TO BE MORE RESILIENT.
ID-1418	Doesn't get any better than this.  Outstanding quality.  Just the right size.
ID-1419	these frames were awesome for the price. love the mat that is included.
ID-1420	Excellent!! My husband also uses it to find tiny bolts dropped on the carpet...
ID-1421	Excellent mug, great detail, just as pictured and just as described, works as expected
ID-1422	This seems to work pretty well - though it could be a bit bigger.
ID-1423	cleaned my knives real fast and it was a breeze. I will keep my knives in the drawer
ID-1424	Beautiful little set!  Nice colors.  Love the colors!  Love that they are bright
ID-1425	This simple tool is awesome. I love the feel of the handle.
ID-1426	Nice little cooking pot.  We have had it for a few months now and have used it every
ID-1427	Worked for awhile. Lasted only a couple weeks. Wife loved it.
ID-1428	This is my 3rd steam kettle.  It has a good handle and is very quiet. 
ID-1429	I love this stand mixer.  The quality is just what I wanted and the mixer is just what
ID-1430	Great little gadget! Bought one for my daughter and she loves it. She also loves the way the
ID-1431	These sheets are so soft!  They are lightweight and comfortable.  I love that I can put
ID-1432	I love these containers. Easy to store and the long handle makes it easy to move around. 
ID-1433	Ive ordered this multiple times and it is the best. I will keep my review for sure.
ID-1434	Love it. Cleans  easily. Love it. Love it.
ID-1435	"Wife loves it, especially with the size and the long handle.

The only reason I"
ID-1436	one panel had small chip marks on the bottom and a small scratch on the inside.
ID-1437	I don't know what all the fuss is about, but I will say that it's a pretty
ID-1438	A little pricey in the beginning, but after a few months it's still a must have for anyone
ID-1439	It's working well so far. We have the wide wooden legs of a travel trailer, the upright
ID-1440	i liked this so much that I bought the second one for my husband for Christmas.
ID-1441	Beautiful heavy weight dining room rug. The quality is just what I wanted for my dining room.
ID-1442	Bright, cheerful, Christmassy. Matching colors. Love the colors.
ID-1443	Love this!  Super cute and looks great on my countertop.
ID-1444	Definitely not the highest quality, but I thought it would be better.
ID-1445	I love this bell, it's perfect for the summer and stays put in the fridge for a long
ID-1446	LOVE MY NEW CHAIR, IT IS PERFECT FOR EVERYONE TO BE IN THE P
ID-1447	Love it! Would like more colors and quality.Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and functional
ID-1448	Pretty self explanatory.  You can set the time and you can either turn it off or turn it
ID-1449	Very pleased with the HEMI containers and the quality. I will keep my shelves in good condition
ID-1450	They don't stick to the wall. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the one
ID-1451	Best tool for tile floors.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I just can
ID-1452	Without having to use the spout, the spout is a nice piece of equipment.
ID-1453	It is a little bit more expensive than the regular version but it works for me.Very pretty.
ID-1454	Wonderful lily leaves very realistic colors. The only problem is that it's not really a mesh
ID-1455	Item arrived quickly and is perfect for the price.Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and functional
ID-1456	Best pair of non-medical scissors.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the
ID-1457	"Works very well and keeps the humidity at an even level.

The only reason I gave it"
ID-1458	This is beautiful!  Great quality.  It's a good size and looks great in my kitchen
ID-1459	Great looking and a great value. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but
ID-1460	bought for my daughter in law.  She loves it.  She also loves the fact that
ID-1461	These are great for food storage. The only problem is that they are small, so if you are
ID-1462	Gave as a gift to my wife and she loves it.  She also loves the way the
ID-1463	Good basic set of cookware, but I thought it would be a nice addition to the kitchen.
ID-1464	These are great, good set to buy but I added the couple larger pieces also.
ID-1465	Obsessed. So adorable, they look like real plants. Made a perfect addition to our bathroom.
ID-1466	The picture was of my 7 qt cooker but I received a 6 qt bowl.
ID-1467	I'm very pleased with the quality and look of this set and the excellent service!
ID-1468	Just what I've come to expect in terms of quality. A brand you can trust.
ID-1469	They work fine now for 6 months, would give 5 stars but recipes are horrible.
ID-1470	Would have been a 5 star had all the holes been sewn instead I'd grommets
ID-1471	For use at granddaughters college dorm bed.  She says it really improves her sleep.
ID-1472	In just about a month we've found this to be all we expected and more.
ID-1473	Great water filter. My ice maker made more clear ice than I'd even had before.
ID-1474	Perfect step stool, so the kids and my Mom can get in my Jeep. 
ID-1475	Rice is cooked perfectly.  The size is great for my big family of boys!
ID-1476	My wife is studying South American Shamanism and she is very happy with this item.
ID-1477	Just what I was looking for and could not bet the price.
ID-1478	I don't love this material, it doesn't feel sturdy and like it won't hold up.
ID-1479	Did not come with the rubber grip. Cup way to hot to hold without it
ID-1480	Using this from an year and no issues so far. very good and works wonders
ID-1481	Great price. Works well at filtering the sediments in my water. I will buy again.
ID-1482	It was nice to be able to order just spoons for my set, great quality.
ID-1483	Great product.  Stores all my blankets, pillows and winter clothes in neat small spaces.
ID-1484	Nice table but major pain putting together ... why so much for a small table.
ID-1485	works like it's supposed to. No reason to hate, no reason to get all gushy.
ID-1486	Quality seems excellent. One of the few designs my wife and I can agree on!
ID-1487	the beater blade works great... we use this all the time over the stock beater
ID-1488	Quality is amazing. One of the rubber bands that go around the wheel was broken.
ID-1489	These are great! Easy to clean, easy to nest in drawer for storage. Great product.
ID-1490	Love this pitcher. We have been making tasty infused water all summer with fresh fruit.
ID-1491	My husband and I love this - gives us so much room in the cabinet!!
ID-1492	These chairs are absolutely the cutest, well made and look awesome with my nautical theme!
ID-1493	Dissatisfied regarding how cheaply made this is! Will be lucky if it lasts a year!
ID-1494	Mmmm, best scent ever! Really fills the room and lasts a long time! Love it!
ID-1495	Perfect fit.  Great for when you want to store in refrigerator.  Good seal.
ID-1496	Darn the light over powers the great look of the parrots, look better when off.
ID-1497	Thank GOODNESS for the zipper. All my other satin pillowcases slipped off my pillows CONSTANTLY.
ID-1498	These hold my quilting rulers very well!  Wish I would have found you sooner!!
ID-1499	Cap breaks easily with no replacement to be purchased. Now my Thermos bottles are useless.
ID-1500	Great quality! Love the colors. So glad I ordered this. Happy in Gilbert Az :)
ID-1501	"Great item and would recommend to anyone.
Love Amazon Prime and the fast shipping on everything."
ID-1502	For my use this is just right, single live alone fixens for one.
ID-1503	This is a cute little letter rack!  I love it. Well put together too!
ID-1504	The color on this was way more yellow than what I wanted. I returned it.
ID-1505	Perfect case for handpresso hybrid.  I love the look and feel of this one. 
ID-1506	Good quality and nice price, especially for the price. Very good quality.
ID-1507	Been using this for a few weeks and the only thing I didn't like is the size of
ID-1508	I love this mixing glass!  I love the taste of the cold water!  I have one
ID-1509	I love this clock, nice and bright and colorful.  I also love that it's been made
ID-1510	I bought it for a small house and it's just what I needed for my small home.
ID-1511	Really like the larger cutting board. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to find.
ID-1512	Super nice, perfect for wine glasses. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put
ID-1513	Best built product I have been using for years and using it all the time. I have one in
ID-1514	I haven't even had it yet. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I just
ID-1515	Daughter loves it, the cloth looks nice and the finish is good.  I just wish the
ID-1516	Product is not of good quality. The pieces are thin and it's difficult to hold the cup.
ID-1517	Cute coffee mug. The battery lasts a long time and is very easy to clean.
ID-1518	Nice candles for all your home decor and decor needs. I will be purchasing more in the future.
ID-1519	I'm not a tea drinker, but I thought it would be a nice addition to the kitchen
ID-1520	Probably the best item purchased, and it is the best. I will keep my review for future posts
ID-1521	"Very cute but the plastic doesn't stick to the walls.

The only reason I gave it"
ID-1522	Nice quality for the price.  The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the
ID-1523	Worked like a charm making it an easy to use and efficient way to make cheese.
ID-1524	Love this pillow for my daughter.  She loves it.  She also loves the pillow and we
ID-1525	Wouldn't stay on the shower rack. It's just too small.
ID-1526	Very nice.  Has everything I need and the materials are good.  I just wish the one
ID-1527	Love the bright red. I use it as a night light for my bed and it's been great
ID-1528	"Love it!
Great fit on my kitchen counter top. Easy to clean."
ID-1529	These pillow cases are okay.  They are lightweight and comfortable.  I also like the fact that
ID-1530	Great value! I use these for containers and they work great for baking.
ID-1531	great color better than the picture. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but
ID-1532	Pretty Piece but mine came with a small hole in it for a hook that would fit through the holes
ID-1533	Good wine rack for the price. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the
ID-1534	These look nice, but they are not the quality you would expect from a lot of the other brands
ID-1535	It is real wood. It looks real and the finish is good.  The only reason I gave
ID-1536	Love these lids, so useful and easy to clean.  I will keep them for the next
ID-1537	These are great, completely functional, and easy to clean. I will be purchasing more!Very pretty
ID-1538	This is great. Quick easy to assemble and the materials are good.  I have a large one
ID-1539	wonderful to be able to find an item with the instructions included in the box.
ID-1540	"These placemats spark learning time and an easy to use design.

The acrylic is strong"
ID-1541	very very pretty, but there are a couple of flaws. I will admit that I have been using
ID-1542	Cant beat this fan for $60, but it is a little noisy, and the fans aren
ID-1543	They're not super strongly magnetic, but they're very strong. I'm not sure how I would
ID-1544	Good heavy duty pan.  We have had it for a few months now and have not had any
ID-1545	Was part of a gift for my Downton-Abbey loving friend - it was a huge hit!
ID-1546	Exactly as pictures, holds a good bit of fruit up And comes with the ceiling mount.
ID-1547	Getting ready to move.  Perfect assortment of bags for clothes, winter stuff, blankets, pillows, etc.
ID-1548	I love it.  Looks great and very easy to install. I installed it myself ;)
ID-1549	Absolutely beautiful.  This is the second order from this company.  Couldn't be more satisfied.
ID-1550	My son used this over Thanksgiving. It said it works very well and made carving easy.
ID-1551	Love this.  Accurate and very fast.  My cooking has been elevated a few notches.
ID-1552	It's bigger than I thought it would be. But it arrived quickly and did the job.
ID-1553	Perfect for the "library!"  But started to rust where it hangs from the toilet tank.
ID-1554	Have not used it yet  - looking forward to having this handy while we travel!
ID-1555	Great product! I use it to store my homemade coconut milk. Glass storage is the best.
ID-1556	Nice clock. Love that it is two sided. Keeps time well. Nice size. Looks nostalgic enough.
ID-1557	work great on induction stove or single induction element..look great...smallest pan works on my induction stove
ID-1558	I love these boxes, which I actually use as a toy box for my small dog.
ID-1559	Makes great coffee.  I used course grounds and have very little grounds in the coffee.
ID-1560	This is a great little cleanup tool for small oops, the dog turned over the planter.
ID-1561	Bought these to use on the boat. Very excited to try with wine slushies this summer!!
ID-1562	I love using this to hold my napkins especially outside, which keeps them from blowing away.
ID-1563	I did not care for the product.  It did not work for me at all.
ID-1564	The product arrived dried up and useless...perhaps laid on the shelf for years.  Returned it.
ID-1565	This is so easy to assemble. Delivered on time and it's perfect for me.
ID-1566	We have 2 dogs, these bags are great!  Fit and work like they are advertised.
ID-1567	nice looking, but it doesnt look like stainless.  It works great tho, quiet and efficient.
ID-1568	The roses are beautiful. I am using them as flower pot pens in a black vase.
ID-1569	"although this is really nice stoneware, it is REALLY REALLY heavy
too heavy for my arthritic hands"
ID-1570	I returned this. It was much smaller than I expected and there was a bent pole.
ID-1571	cute and fabulous - exactly as pictured & described. Shipped fast and well packaged.
ID-1572	I love this product. I also recommend this:http://goo. gl/ejdEk5 for something you can reuse.
ID-1573	"nice little drainer could have been wider for me but he product is well made and
useful"
ID-1574	Nice product but you will need glue for the top or else it won't stay on.
ID-1575	Such an easy way to make baked potatoes!  I love this and use it regularly.
ID-1576	Ordered 3 and one was broken. Very disappointed. Two stars though because the candle smells amazing.
ID-1577	Powerful. I use it everyday. It's very industrial so it should work for years to come.
ID-1578	Beautiful and sturdy shower rack.  Good quality, easy to install, and all the parts needed.
ID-1579	Fits the quarter sheet pan perfectly, and together they are great for the Breville Smart Oven.
ID-1580	Bought these for husband and he loves them. Less waist and just enough spray of cologne.
ID-1581	Works great for RV and outdoor use. A bit tough to wash due to their shape.
ID-1582	A real pain to assemble, but an attractive and functional organizing space once that was over.
ID-1583	"We love our instant pot! Makes amazing rice!
Great pressure cooker without the stress of watching it!"
ID-1584	Bought two for my new double stainless steel sink. They look great and are totally functional.
ID-1585	Charcoal in filters spills out into the water.  Not good.  If you have a regular
ID-1586	Bought this to go along with my 3rd one. I have a lot of small stuff and
ID-1587	Love these clips for my kitchen. The clips are very thick and easy to hang.
ID-1588	Wonderful mug. Keeps things hot and cold and drinks well. I will keep my tea in
ID-1589	"Used as a Memorial for a friend and she loved it.

The only reason I gave it"
ID-1590	super deal for this mattress.  The mattress is comfortable and it's also a very strong pill.
ID-1591	My kiddo and I fight over what I want to do with it.
ID-1592	"Its ok. Doesn't naturally swirl, but it does the job.

The only reason I"
ID-1593	We love these for putting on an entertaining display, and I will keep them for the holidays!Great
ID-1594	Nice shelves, holds my DVR, has the right height and is easy to clean.
ID-1595	Best price for the quantity!  I love the look and feel of this pillow.
ID-1596	I love these!  They are a nice quality and they fit perfectly on my table!  They
ID-1597	It slow down the water flow. The only way to fix it is to just throw the container in
ID-1598	Keeps me from traveling to the stores and the stores. I will keep my bag in the store
ID-1599	"Looks better in person. Kinda bulky, but very comfortable.

The only reason I gave"
ID-1600	"The weakest part, over-the-door, is that it doesn't feel comfortable.

"
ID-1601	this is just "OK" takes time to get used to. I will keep my fingers crossed that
ID-1602	"This works so well for what it is intended to do.

The only reason I gave it"
ID-1603	Great support pillow. Material is soft and comfortable. Overall a good purchase.
ID-1604	We received this item early and it arrived with a very good seal.  The dimensions are just right
ID-1605	This is a piece of cake. The pieces are just what I wanted for my kitchen.
ID-1606	"Works great. We used camping spoons and they worked great.

The only reason I gave"
ID-1607	Got as a joke for this. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I just can
ID-1608	Product is damaged and feels cheap. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the one in
ID-1609	Great pitcher, I use it daily. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I just
ID-1610	Does not totally block light, but it does let you know when it's time to turn on the
ID-1611	Unique.  These look great and have the quality of a good quality.  They are a bit
ID-1612	Really like this bowl stand.  I love the look and feel of it, and the handle fits
ID-1613	Love these sheets. Soft and soft. The quality is good too.  These sheets are a great
ID-1614	"this pot work great. it holds a large amount of liquid.

The lid is removable and"
ID-1615	This is the only fan that has the wide-open feature.  This is the only fan that
ID-1616	"A very handy gadget for keeping an open jar of sliced bread cold.

The only downside is"
ID-1617	Cute colors and saves my time. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum,
ID-1618	Item arrived exactly as expected. I love the look and feel of this pillow.
ID-1619	Does what it's supposed to do. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put
ID-1620	I wish that this product had an easy to use instructions.  I also wish the instructions were more
ID-1621	Nice looking cups for every time. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to find.
ID-1622	Really great iron...my only thing is it doesn't stay in place after washing, it slides out
ID-1623	TOTALLY CUTE! It's the perfect size for my morning coffee and evening tea.
ID-1624	Lately I've been using a towel again. Its easier to wash and dry then the rubber mat.
ID-1625	it drives our kitties nuts with the meows and it is great looking  on the wall.
ID-1626	Didn't mix the paint at all. maybe would have been good for a quart. but that's pointless.
ID-1627	Starting to have problems due to Carpel tunnels--this fixed the problem, good quality easy install, works great!
ID-1628	Keeping it in my gunsafe to keep the moisture down. No running parts when inside your safe.
ID-1629	Great extra closet storage without the expensive shelving built-ins. Also good in coat closets for hats, scarves....
ID-1630	Works great, quiet, reduces dust on surfaces, keeps my allergies in check. The computer hardly needs cleaning.
ID-1631	liked the original style I had for years but it finally died.  This one works fine.
ID-1632	This rug is perfect for my office. The colors are brought and vibrant, avenging other accessories perfectly.
ID-1633	Do not buy, not worth the money. Return time not long enough to test them thoroughly. Disgusted.
ID-1634	It does what its suppose to do. It doesnt really move from under my bed too often.
ID-1635	They are ok, don't hold the shape will. Don't mash them or your drink will slosh out.
ID-1636	Getting the name brand is always worth the extra dime.  Exactly as described, and fast shipping!
ID-1637	Keeps my daughters chicken nuggets and ravioli warm for several hours. Good product for a sensible price
ID-1638	I have several of these and love them.  They have a tight seal and hold plenty.
ID-1639	I love this pillow. I can make it as "plump" as I please. It's very cuddly too.
ID-1640	Oh sweet joy. This memory foam makes it nearly impossible for me to get out of bed.
ID-1641	No way you can beat the price of this and it works great once you season it!
ID-1642	What a cute little alarm clock.  Doesn't take up much room and definitely does the job!
ID-1643	if you like pinot noir this is the best thing to drink it from we love them
ID-1644	This was a Christmas present for my son and his wife.  So far only greaat comments.
ID-1645	I love these!!! I use them all the time. They are prefect for my needs.
ID-1646	Broke before I could use it! Leg broke during assembly. Cheap materials not fit for intended use.
ID-1647	This cover fit perfectly and is beautiful in my room.  It feels thick and good quality.
ID-1648	Some how I changed the filter with this but indication for carbon on machine never go away
ID-1649	I purchased new cookware and needed protection; the really work great. Also good for separating glass bowls.
ID-1650	These are quite small. I recommend a ruler to see how small they will be before purchase.
ID-1651	Another good stand.  I use it with whatever wax pottery vessel I display in the kitchen.
ID-1652	Couldn't be happier. Great quality. Super nice padding. Stays on nice and snug. And it's pretty :)
ID-1653	Works great and my 12 yr old daughter can carry it up the steps not problem; )
ID-1654	Just got these today and love them already! Strong and solid with weight and perfect grip! Cheers!!
ID-1655	These are great, however 3 of the 13 bags (3 diff sizes) ripped in the first use.
ID-1656	No more sticky mess on the counter.  Nice spoon rest with rubber feet to prevent scratching.
ID-1657	Excellent grinder for me.  I like good coffee, but I am not an expert on coffee.
ID-1658	Easy to use. Sweet potatoes are a little difficult but everything else is a breeze with this
ID-1659	arrived on time, great product, looks nice and clean on the counter and works well, feels sturdy
ID-1660	This stuff just works!  I use it for cleaning my kegs, coffee mugs, thermos, tile, etc.
ID-1661	I love the size, the colors, the quality, and the overall quality of the product. 
ID-1662	Not as described. Not what I expected. Not what I wanted.
ID-1663	YAY!  We were able to assemble the pieces and put them together.
ID-1664	Easy to put together and looks nice and the finish is good.  I have a large one and
ID-1665	I have used these for a number of years and they are still working great. I have one in
ID-1666	It's ok. For the price, it's a good value. I will keep it for a
ID-1667	Purchased one as a gift and it was a very nice item.  I have a large
ID-1668	Really nicely made small knockbox.  I love the look and feel of it, and the size
ID-1669	Work perfect to store plastic containers. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the
ID-1670	Fits perfectly in our bathtub. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum,
ID-1671	This is a wonderful rug.  I love the look and feel of it, and the color is
ID-1672	I have a tempurpedic mattress that has the mattress on it's back.
ID-1673	Not a lot of variety, but I thought it would be a nice addition to the kitchen.
ID-1674	Even though my shams were not as well as the ones I had received, I thought this one
ID-1675	My kid loves it. It looks great and the materials are good.  I just wish the one
ID-1676	"Works perfectly as expected. A little bulky, but very comfortable.

The only reason I gave"
ID-1677	Great little unit. Wish it had an electric motor instead of a motor.
ID-1678	Great product, good heavy set, will be ordering more. Love it.
ID-1679	Works fine but has a small hole in the bottom. I will keep that in mind when ordering.
ID-1680	A very study piece!  We have had the wooden part of the cup for a couple of years
ID-1681	Finally, the perfect knife block.  The only problem is that it's not really a sharp edge
ID-1682	I just used mine to make an apple pie crust. I did not need a pie crust, but
ID-1683	Like walking on air!  We have the wide wooden legs of a travel trailer, and this one
ID-1684	Like the drainer, but it has the design flaw. I need to turn it off to keep
ID-1685	These work really well.  We have had the wooden part of the cup for a couple of years
ID-1686	Beautiful rug. Ive had it for 3 years and love it.
ID-1687	Very pricey, but very nice. I love the look and feel of this pillow.
ID-1688	"Great skirt! Love that the embroidery is very comfortable.

The fabric is a bit"
ID-1689	Not super powerful. Creates a nice, suction-free surface.
ID-1690	still sucking over a year, and the only way to fix it is to just throw the container in
ID-1691	Daughter in law loves this.  She uses it to make her smoothies for her family.
ID-1692	Nice shape and size. Steeped up and down the stove for a couple of hours.
ID-1693	Works great if you cook a lot and want to make a smoothie for a small family.
ID-1694	I really like the fan, it's quiet and stays cool.  I have a large one and
ID-1695	Nice size fan, we packed it in the shipping box and it arrived on time.
ID-1696	This can opener is a little bulky, but it is a great product for the price.
ID-1697	I like using it, light and sturdy, cutting cheese and truffles well, good find adjustments, nice solid metal.
ID-1698	Awesome wastebasket!!! I would recommend it to anyone! Especially if you have a tight space like the bathroom.
ID-1699	This comforter is really comfortable.. comforter=comfortable. Just as described. It's brand new looking and quality is really fine.
ID-1700	OMG this is all I use for butter, cream cheese etc. I never use my butter knifes anymore!
ID-1701	I have two of these, one for the kitchen and one for the dining room.
ID-1702	I love that this has less plastic than other foaming dispensers. It works really well and looks nice.
ID-1703	Colors don't show up as good as the pictures. Some of the them are trying to come off.
ID-1704	So much on a  dinner table. we really enjoy this and have ordered several for wedding gifts
ID-1705	Delivery was exactly as expected.  Bowls were in perfect condition, however they were much smaller than expected.
ID-1706	Works great, now am able to measure grams also, makes it easy to use recipes from other Countries.
ID-1707	my wife love it.  Too bad you cannot use your own coffee. Their capsules are too expensive.
ID-1708	What rod fine. Very flimsy so I have to hold it precariously to even fill it with water
ID-1709	Seems to be ok on my butcher block .Not sure if it works any better than mineral oil.
ID-1710	It works.  With a name like this, I was surprised to find that it's built in Asia.
ID-1711	This actually works. Our car was getting a funk and it after one week it is completely gone.
ID-1712	Not great: the steel is pretty thin. But the design is good and they're OK. Nice glass covers.
ID-1713	The button wells are a bit shallow, but they still came out cute.  I used candy melts.
ID-1714	I mean, it's a toilet brush but it's a very pretty toilet brush and seems to work well.
ID-1715	i gave it five stars, you want me to leave a comment too.  have some consideration please!
ID-1716	Love this! Well made! Got it for storage in the bathroom. Fits double rolls of toilet paper well.
ID-1717	This stuff did not adhere very well on the corners of our tables and is nowhere near "Clear".
ID-1718	Have dishes with this pattern and love the glasses to match.  Love the size and the shape.
ID-1719	Much larger than expected. Almost excessive but I love the patterns and it looks wonderful in my room.
ID-1720	Necessary kitchen tool, this one was rated high by purchasers, and it works great.  Arrived on time.
ID-1721	Takes a while to get enough for noodles but ok product. Your hand might be tired when done.
ID-1722	Great frame. Wish the backer was a little heavier than cardboard but for the price it is fine.
ID-1723	Really to strong, was expecting the pleasant aroma of Jasmine, instead got a heavy sweet smell unlike Jasmine.
ID-1724	I used these to hang pictures at a bridal shower.  They were super cute and good quality.
ID-1725	Great little unit for storage and organizing in my bathroom. I might just get another it's so handy.
ID-1726	The  quality is not that good. When I bake a pie, the silicone cake pan changes color.
ID-1727	This set works perfectly with our new RTIC 30-ounce mug.  Everything is there if we need it.
ID-1728	Bought these as extra containers for my 6 Pack Fitness Renee tote. Easier to meal prep with more.
ID-1729	You would be better off just sitting you kitchen wrap products on your pantry selves or kitchen counter.
ID-1730	This makes very good coffee and just the right temperature.  We also like the single serve option.
ID-1731	Perfect size, fit exactly into bed frame.  My 16 and 13 year old daughters put it together.
ID-1732	I love it! It looks great in our entryway and despite the abuse from my boys, it's fine!
ID-1733	I have only had time to use it with the instructions but it works great for the price.
ID-1734	I am very pleased with this set and the quality. I will keep my review for future reference.
ID-1735	Best looking bar stool I use for my husband and I.  We also have a large one.
ID-1736	Beautiful napkins that wash very easily. The only problem is that they are too small for my
ID-1737	Beautiful piece of furniture!  We have had it for a few months now and it's been
ID-1738	I don't like that they are not the same as other brands.  These are the same type
ID-1739	I just wish they would have an option to make a smaller one.  I would have ordered the
ID-1740	This clock is silent, so it will be an inconvenience to wake it up for a few minutes every
ID-1741	"Great product for the price, looks great and does the job.

The only reason I gave"
ID-1742	"Beautiful bed!
Only wished the headboard was a little wider, which is a nice bonus"
ID-1743	Great posters.  look really nice.  Love the colors.  Also, the dimensions are pretty
ID-1744	got this for my daughter and she loves it!Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and sturdy
ID-1745	Loved the color. It is a little darker than the picture but it's still beautiful.
ID-1746	Looks well made... haven't used it yet, but it is good enough to make a small batch
ID-1747	Works well and very compact!  I love the look and feel of this pillow.
ID-1748	We bought this as a gift for my daughter and she loved it.  It's been a great
ID-1749	Love this funny little rack!  I love the look and feel of it!  I have one
ID-1750	Thin. They won't last forever, but they are a very good price.
ID-1751	I love this! It's such a cute little design and it's a nice size for the size
ID-1752	Worst Product I've bought on Amazon. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I
ID-1753	This can opener works once, takes a long time. I will keep my opener in the drawer.
ID-1754	This is my 4th safavieh and it is the best. I will keep this for
ID-1755	Bought this for a tea party.  It's a good size and looks great in my kitchen
ID-1756	Works well as a small kitchen tool and as a small tool.  I have a large one and
ID-1757	This is a very nice little set, and very comfortable for a travel mug. I would recommend.
ID-1758	Fits on my dyson. Not an easy task to put together.
ID-1759	Super soft and light but not bulky.  It is a little heavy for my small bedroom and doesn
ID-1760	So far so good- I use it everyday.  I've also used it for a few hours
ID-1761	The very best bakeware pan.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the one
ID-1762	I bought it to take a bath and it's just what I needed!  I love the extra
ID-1763	I was skeptical, but these are a nice quality and they fit nicely on my table.
ID-1764	These are great - especially if you have an area where you need to turn a small piece of wood
ID-1765	Bought for bridal shower cupcakes.  They are very soft and I really love how they
ID-1766	I love this towel, it holds a lot of stuff. I also love that it's been washed
ID-1767	Do not make smoothies in this. The only reason you need it is that it doesn't slide
ID-1768	These are great for starting charcoal in the grill.  Burn long enough to get a good coal going.
ID-1769	This is a great cooker. It is making me fatter. Easy to clean and lighter than traditional crock pots.
ID-1770	These are exactly as pictured and look great. They look great in our log home with our burlap curtains.
ID-1771	These are the best bath mats I have ever owned.  I use exactly as directed in the instructions.
ID-1772	Absolutely love this kitchen towel.  I redecorated my kitchen in owl theme and this looks perfect in there.
ID-1773	Excellent purchase. very cute got a lot of compliments. it's not huge it's enough for a small space.
ID-1774	My last mortar and pestle was lost during a move. I much prefer this replacement. It is more effective.
ID-1775	love these bags but one had a hole in it, but a good price for the amount you get
ID-1776	They were exactly what I needed, and almost seemed stronger than the original ones that came with the Nutribullet.
ID-1777	Poorly assembled. Wheel wobbles and material is under gauged. Don't waste your money. Went in trash after one use.
ID-1778	Just the right size at two cups to hold snacks. And the price drop made le pull the trigger.
ID-1779	Total crap, cups are all scratched up and lid seal fell apart in 6 months. Glass is always better!
ID-1780	Very small and flimsy looking bag. The product info on the webiste is somewhat unclear/misleading. Had to return it.
ID-1781	Love the product, works great - not so happy with not getting my 2 free blades like it advertises.
ID-1782	The sock, underwear and other drawer are great. The bra holder is good but not for larger cup sizes.
ID-1783	For the price this is a great thermometer.  Really like that it folds up so it stores better.
ID-1784	I like these mats, makes baking cleanup much easier, they clean in just a second would recommend to buy
ID-1785	Good size, a few different settings, and even has a little light to it which helps out at night.
ID-1786	Really good value. Scale is accurate and has a guarantee. IDK how you can beat a deal like this.
ID-1787	Although this tablecloth is so pretty, it tears very easily. It did not last very long on my table.
ID-1788	This is absolutely  adorable. Pretty blue color, more vibrant than photo. It's also very large and nice quality.
ID-1789	Very easy to keep the spoon head in the right direction with the spiral cut.  Very good product.
ID-1790	Product is as described. My bundles won't stay lit but works for the purpose I am using them for.
ID-1791	Decent design, but a little bit too small for me. It should work great for people on a diet.
ID-1792	This stinks but it is cute, roomy, folds flat (which I love), and is overall a great lunch bag.
ID-1793	Stupid me, I thought it would be laminated, but it's a print. Still nice, just change in hanging plans.
ID-1794	I bought a  couple of the duvet covers and they are so nice,  silky  and soft.
ID-1795	I was expecting more.  It's quite a workout to use it and the results were subpar at best.
ID-1796	This is a fantastic, easy to apply product that will put the shine back on hardwood and tile floors!
ID-1797	Love these sheets!  This makes my 2nd purchase.  Soft, wrinkle free, and keeps me cooler at night!
ID-1798	"Good price and work well.
Given in party bags and the kids thought they were cool.
Would buy these pens again."
ID-1799	Great for a playroom with multiple children. It fits a bit of everyone's favorite.
ID-1800	Very poor quality.  Thought it would be funny and usable...Problem is that it doesn't fit a wine bottle.
ID-1801	Beautiful ivory color. So soft. A little thinner than I thought they would be but I still love them.
ID-1802	Arrived with several minor scratches on it. Not bad for the price but the scuffs and scratches bother me.
ID-1803	Time will tell how long it takes you to finish. I will say that it's been pretty stable
ID-1804	best spot cleaner on the market. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to clean.
ID-1805	It does what it is supposed to do. It is a smoothie that is perfect for the time
ID-1806	"This pot is wonderful! So easy to clean and very comfortable.

The only reason I gave"
ID-1807	This may doesn't stick to the counter, but it is a good deal for a small kitchen.
ID-1808	Used this for a wallet and it was a very good value.  I have a large one and
ID-1809	It is so pretty.. I put it in the freezer and it pops out! It's been awesome
ID-1810	So comfortable!! I feel like it will be a long time before it becomes my go to pillow.
ID-1811	Magnificent quality, the pattern looks nice and the design is just what I wanted.
ID-1812	Does not work for the time being, as the instructions say it will turn off the oven and the
ID-1813	great bathroom accessory for our kitchen. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but
ID-1814	I love the over all look of the pillow cases. I also love that the pillow cases are extra
ID-1815	Pretty darn cool ice molds!  I love the look and feel of these!  I have
ID-1816	These were filled with both white and gray paint, which was a nice touch. I was surprised to
ID-1817	I actually use this as a makeshift suction cup. I also love that it's removable and can
ID-1818	Mild scent and burned for a couple of hours.  I will keep my roses in the house
ID-1819	great corner space saver. I use it as a long-term storage space for my small kitchen
ID-1820	Durable and no problems using it. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum,
ID-1821	"Unfortunately I need to send it back and the box is too large.

The only one I"
ID-1822	This is a great product and a great price.Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and functional
ID-1823	This is a beautiful lamp.  It is very well made and looks nice on my countertop.
ID-1824	just love this. It is a little smaller than the other two but still fits my small vacuum and
ID-1825	These are very sturdy and look great in the kitchen. I will keep them for the next couple of
ID-1826	looks elegant in the bathroom, and the quality is just right.  The only reason I gave
ID-1827	Sharp edges, rough interior, sharp edges. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the
ID-1828	"Looks very nice when I'm using it, and very comfortable.

The only reason I gave"
ID-1829	Great table for great price.  The only problem is that it's not really a large one.
ID-1830	I love it. Can be used on the stove top. I also love that it's removable and
ID-1831	Just what we needed for a set of glasses.  I will keep my glasses in the store.
ID-1832	Great ramekins. Love the bright colors. The only problem is that it's not really a
ID-1833	The three sections are smaller than the original design, which is a nice bonus. I like the extra
ID-1834	nice blanket, warmer than expected.  I love the look and feel of this blanket, I am
ID-1835	"I just began home brewing and it was an absolute breeze.

The only reason I gave it"
ID-1836	I was very pleased with this set and the quality. I will be purchasing more in the future.
ID-1837	Very nice plates, the only complaint is the design is a bit sloppy. If you have a couple
ID-1838	I was able to assemble it with the pieces and instructions included.  The only reason I gave it
ID-1839	I loved this so much that I bought the second one for my husband for Christmas.
ID-1840	The shower curtain was a little thinner than the picture. I will admit that it's been a little
ID-1841	Love this trash can!!! Super soft and easy to clean. I will keep my trash can!I
ID-1842	It looks good hanging from the wall, but the instructions are a little difficult to read.
ID-1843	works great however, look at the picture and the picture is a bit misleading.
ID-1844	Bottles are just what I needed. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put
ID-1845	I don't know what else to say, but it is a great product for the price! 
ID-1846	These are nice molds. Could be a little bigger, but nice size for the kids and those watching their waistline.
ID-1847	Looks neat and is the right height for the spot I wanted.  Replaced the pot with a sturdier one.
ID-1848	"This has survived 2 years and many washings and
still looks great.
I will surely buy another, if it ever looks scruffy."
ID-1849	These are very easy to use, easy to clean, and being able to freeze and microwave is a great boon
ID-1850	Love it! Perfect size & looks very nice & hides my husband's messy desk perfectly! Recommend for a space-saving organizer.
ID-1851	Well made, but shape isn't ideal for larger ears. Also they do not nest together, which would have been nice.
ID-1852	Got this for measuring hot cocoa.. its the perfect size for a coffee cup... my kids can make there own
ID-1853	Beautiful Mirrors that look way more expensive than they were.  We purchased three of these and we love them.
ID-1854	thick sturdy plastic. Works great for pasta and salads among other things. seems to be holding up fine. a ok.
ID-1855	Really like it.  It is super light weight and washable.  It does not pull your shower curtain down.
ID-1856	I had this before and loved it this time I can barly get lids off and on-dont know what happened.
ID-1857	Absolutely gorgeous soft rug I absolutely adore this rug and love walking on it every day it is very soft
ID-1858	Looks really nice on our wall. It was pretty easy to setup and color matches web picture pretty well also.
ID-1859	So happy I got this roasting pan..  been wanting one to replace my old one for a long time.
ID-1860	I've burned Nippon Kodo sandalwood incense for years.  I like the cedarwood every bit as much as the sandalwood.
ID-1861	Boy this gets hot fast. Love it to take in a motel room for instant coffee or hot chocolate .
ID-1862	Super mini vac. Does all I want. Works great on my bare floors and leather furniture and around my appartment
ID-1863	Nice pans, good deal, didn't realize the bottom were not smooth.  Gave to a friend with a gas stove.
ID-1864	My sleep number bed has a giant plastic base instead of a box spring, it turns out can't use them!
ID-1865	Use these every day.  Convenient size and easy to clean.  Have 3 and love them.  Nice finish.
ID-1866	Bought to do some school work and crafts on my bed or couch. Works perfect and very easy to clean!!!!
ID-1867	"So happy they were on
Amazon.  They are just what I wanted, and are doing the job.  Thank you."
ID-1868	The color is not bright gold, it's more of a rose gold.  But that works out nicely for me.
ID-1869	absolutely beautiful shower hooks. I was skeptical to buy such expensive shower hooks, but they are so worth the money
ID-1870	These gloves have prevented burning my hands since I started to use (several months). Does what it is supposed to.
ID-1871	These are nice.  They launder beautifully and are wrinkle free from the dryer!  Very satisfied with this purchase.
ID-1872	They are hard to get up in the air but when you get one that goes up it is beautiful!
ID-1873	Wonderful product, pan is like it was advertised. I am sure I will enjoy and use for years to come.
ID-1874	At first glance I thought this will never last.  However, it's holding up well and the price was great.
ID-1875	Got one of these for each of the kids and for my husband and I.  We all love them.
ID-1876	Love, love love it!!!  The sizzle is perfect, the material is perfect and it's nice and fluffy and warm.
ID-1877	I absolutely love my new clock.  If you like unusual and bright colors.. this is the clock for you!
ID-1878	I love the look, the color and the size of this blanket. I just wish it didn't shed so much.
ID-1879	Very happy with this.  I put it by the front door and it never fails to get a laugh.
ID-1880	The supplier of the filter is pretty understanding, kind, accurate and fair. I was very happy with them.
ID-1881	Great light weight little cutting board. Wish they made this one in the bigger size. Goes right in the dishwasher.
ID-1882	If you have a pet this is Great for hair  Make sure you clean it between and after use
ID-1883	Chilled it in the freezer for a few hours, resulted in a fantastic cold lemonade that lasted a good while
ID-1884	What an awesome tie/bowtie solution! Husband loves this! It solved many aggravating days of ties falling all over the place!
ID-1885	This is exactly what I was needing - love these! Haven't had any issue and received as expected.
ID-1886	These filters are not only a great value, but they are also better quality than the original filter! Great purchase!
ID-1887	Tore apart easier than toilet paper. Its so cheaply put together. Do not waste your time and money.
ID-1888	I love to make custard in the cold months, and this is a nice matched set that work very well.
ID-1889	Just the right size for what I need. Not too big or too small.
ID-1890	My favorite glasses bought after reading this review.  I've tried a lot of different glasses and this is
ID-1891	didn't realize until I used it. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I just can
ID-1892	Softer than I expected! Best of all, the finish is thick and easy to clean!Very pretty
ID-1893	I looked all over for a set and found them in the same store as these. I ordered the other
ID-1894	This is a great corner rack. The only problem is that it comes with a small screw driver.
ID-1895	great brushes, I wind up using a whole bunch of these for all kinds of things.
ID-1896	"It does what it claims it will, but it is too small.

The only downside is that"
ID-1897	Powerfully sticky and tough! Worked for me and the only thing I didn't like is the way
ID-1898	"Ice cream spades are wayyyyyyyy too long. I will keep my old ones!
"
ID-1899	It didn't suck anything up. I love the feel of the fabric.
ID-1900	"I got these to cover a bunch of pieces of furniture I need to make my house more modern.
"
ID-1901	Works as expected. I have had it for a year and I still love it. I have one in
ID-1902	Just as pictured. Easy to use. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but
ID-1903	It runs quiet and eliminated some of the noise we've heard in our bedroom. I'm not sure how
ID-1904	These egg rings are exactly what I wanted.  I've had mine for a couple of years now and
ID-1905	Bought this to go with my old suction cups. I use them for my small vacuum and they
ID-1906	Super cute because it looks nice. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom
ID-1907	I purchased these to compliment my new Teflon stovetop.  These work well and look great.
ID-1908	The plastic tip kept coming off. The only way to fix it was to just throw the cup in the
ID-1909	Great price on these refills.  They are very well made and will last for a very long time
ID-1910	Works as promised. I enjoy using it and the materials are good.  I have a large one and
ID-1911	Really like the construction and looks. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a
ID-1912	I love it. The mug looks great and the finish is good.  I have a large one and
ID-1913	Keeps my coffee hot for hours. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I just can
ID-1914	i used this as a starter set and the finish is good.  I have a few of the other
ID-1915	"Really thin sides, which makes it a little difficult to hold.

The only reason I gave it"
ID-1916	reasonable price, decent workmanship, and looks great in the kitchen. I will keep my review for future
ID-1917	So cute, it almost looks like an actual tree, and I'm very happy with the size and the
ID-1918	i'm very glad these attachments are included and the materials are good.  I just wish the one in
ID-1919	the hip flask works fine, but the design is a bit of a mess. I'm not sure how
ID-1920	Got these for my memory foam mattress and they look great.  I also have a mattress pad and a
ID-1921	Terrible!! Came in a very nice box and was very easy to assemble.
ID-1922	This seems to be well made. The only problem is that it comes with a small screw driver.
ID-1923	No matter how one uses it, the quality is just what it was designed for. Very pretty.
ID-1924	Smaller then I thought it would be, but it is a little bigger then I thought.
ID-1925	My crepes have never been better. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I just can
ID-1926	These hangers are very good quality. The only problem is that they are not really the same color.
ID-1927	I do like these they are a little smaller than I was expecting.  They are a bit lighter than
ID-1928	"Beautiful and soft
Ordered king size and it arrived with a very thick blanket."
ID-1929	Awesome little candy making station.  I love the look and feel of it, and the size and the
ID-1930	Let me tell you on this one, the best part is that it's a very strong one.
ID-1931	I just got it.... It looks great and the materials are good.  I just wish the one in
ID-1932	Very solid built and appears to be well made.Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and functional.
ID-1933	Very impressed. I am so happy with the details of the this pen. It will be a hit at our Anniversary.
ID-1934	Perfect size for a small counter top. Love the warm white and the clean retro style is very now. Thanks Daewoo.
ID-1935	These are great cloths.  A little larger than I prefer, but good quality and thickness.  I would recommend them.
ID-1936	love the coffee pot and the filters don't leave any paper taste to the coffee. Sturdy when wet and no drip
ID-1937	This is exactly what I have been looking for!  Now I can easily measure out salt and pepper for recipes.
ID-1938	Good. As expected.  Would have preferred a more shaped handle, but knew before the purchase that it didn't have one.
ID-1939	"Compact, easy to store, easy to use . . .
But not heavy duty at all. Don't try crushing ice, for example."
ID-1940	These containers are neither leak-proof nor airtight.  However, they are very hand, and I can use them for other purposes.
ID-1941	LOOOOOOVE THESE BLINDS!  We furnished our entire house with them and they're SO CLEAN looking, easy to install, and inexpensive.
ID-1942	"Makes the best cup of coffee I ever had at home. You are brewing the grounds through ss mesh, not plastic!??

!??"
ID-1943	Very cute and pretty realistic. I've made a few arrangements with these since I can never keep actual live plants alive.
ID-1944	Looks good.  A little cheaply constructed,  cap broke when I tried to unscrew it to put the fabric on.
ID-1945	This product is way less expensive and does the same job as the original filter, only it is reusable.
ID-1946	Lovely design. Great function. Spins very easily. Glad I bought this. The kitchen table is more organized. You won't be disappointed!
ID-1947	Bought as a gag gift for my Father in Law.  He made good use of it at the gun range!
ID-1948	The inflatable salad bar served it's purpose very well. I would have helped if we had an air pump with us.
ID-1949	looks great had little problems getting the rod to lock.  I know that was more the operator than the product
ID-1950	I love these sheets and just bought a second set for my son.  Very soft and they hold up great.
ID-1951	not too efficient...small and comfortable to wear; but really didn't give the essential air as it is advertised to do...oh well..
ID-1952	I liked these knifes, but aren't as sharp as other ceramic knives I've seen (although I'm no expert by any mean).
ID-1953	Good quality, nice material and appearance, good thermal properties, pretty much as advertised but I have had more effective blackout curtains.
ID-1954	rough inside and I don't know yet if this will affect performance.  I is beautiful tho and I like it.
ID-1955	Product is of fine craftsmanship.  Sturdy and attractive and substantial.  Delivery was prompt.  I'd buy another if needed.
ID-1956	Great product, well packaged. Love the colors, going to use for so many different things. The possibilities are endless, very happy
ID-1957	Beautiful musical snowglobe. Very colorful with all the disney characters and great detail. Makes a nice addition to our Christmas treasures.
ID-1958	Nice set of measuring spoons.  They're simple and you can separate them easily if you don't want them all connected.
ID-1959	Appearance-wise, the toaster is very good looking.  However it toasts unevenly most of the time, no matter what the setting.
ID-1960	Totally took care of our needs. We used it for a 55". Pretty easy to assemble and gets the job done!
ID-1961	Great pillow protector.  Well made and soft with no sound.  Have purchased these twice now and would purchase again!
ID-1962	simple, effective. bought it for my table for nights when company comes over. its great. and holds a lot of packets
ID-1963	I have this in the wall in my therapy office and my clients love it!!! Perfectly covered a nasty old wall!!
ID-1964	Great little night stand.  Perfect for our son's room.  Easy to put together.  I would order this again.
ID-1965	Great table, easy to use. Use this at craft fairs and cover with a table cloth I also got at Amazon.
ID-1966	These baking mats are wonderful.  My cookies come out perfectly browned, and I don't have to scrub the baking pan.
ID-1967	Very flimsy and hard to put it together. Once you mess the back carton board corner, it's impossible to fix it.
ID-1968	rusted after 1 use in dishwasher, was very happy to mail them back! this is a stainless finish not actual stainless.
ID-1969	We love it!  Finally an attractive butter dish that is heavy enough that our butter loving cat cannot get in!
ID-1970	I love it, a great chart and easy to follow. As a newbie I needed to know what each tip did.
ID-1971	i did half of my polo shirt and almost used half of the tank. It works though so i am good.
ID-1972	Wife loves the look and feel of these. Replaced wooden handle spatula that broke. certainly do not expect that with these.
ID-1973	Love this handy cleaner . Picks up cat hair and other small messes not big enough for digging out vacuum cleaner.
ID-1974	"used these for a bourbon tasting and the size was perfect
find myself using these every week
guests loved the size and uniqueness"
ID-1975	I like that this helps keep my stove clean. Its easy to clean and having the foldable handle makes storing easier.
ID-1976	Works perfectly.  No danger of me cutting my hand with a knige trying to get out the inner seeded core.
ID-1977	Very good cookware and a nice size too.  I've had mine for a couple of years and it
ID-1978	Got for work white elephant. I love the look. My husband likes it too.
ID-1979	"It did everthing that i wanted to, and it worked out great.

The only downside is that"
ID-1980	It matches my bathroom colors and looks great.  I've also used this for the bathroom and it is so
ID-1981	I have one made in China and the other made in China.  These work well and look great. 
ID-1982	Love this quilt. The colors are vibrant and the fabric is soft.  The quilt is just what
ID-1983	Aluminum is an even conductor, and the design is very good.  The only reason I gave it 4
ID-1984	Great product! We use these for an entire summer night. I will keep them for the next couple months.
ID-1985	Rug looks great, but has a weird smell. Not good enough to make a difference.
ID-1986	"Actually a christmas present, still looks a little crazy, but I will keep my eyes peeled!

"
ID-1987	One of our friends strongly recommended this item.  We've had it for a couple of weeks and it's
ID-1988	Suction is good for it' time. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the
ID-1989	Nice quality that surprised me.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I just can't get
ID-1990	Really nice, exactly what I wanted. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom
ID-1991	The rug is a nice, sturdy rug with a good feel.  The rug is a bit wobbly
ID-1992	Disappointed on how thin sheets are. The quality is just not good.Nice, sturdy, and functional.
ID-1993	Never going to buy this again. The quality is just what it was for. I would recommend.
ID-1994	I love this product. Yes, it has the design and design of a lot of my kitchen appliances, but
ID-1995	Blown away by the quality of the suction cups. I will keep my review for the next time.
ID-1996	best so far. I have had it for a year and I still love it. I have one in my
ID-1997	Very soft and lightweight blanket. I love the look and feel of this blanket.
ID-1998	this was a gift and it has kept me warm. I will keep this for the next couple months.
ID-1999	LOVE THIS FOR THE PICKNIKA.  It's a good size and looks great in my
ID-2000	These are great basic hangers.  They are lightweight and comfortable.  I also like the fact that they
ID-2001	OMG This smells so good. I love the taste. My husband likes it too.
ID-2002	Excellent cookware for the price. I love the look and feel of this piece of equipment.
ID-2003	these blankets are amazing and are an amazing quality. I will be purchasing more in the future.
ID-2004	Very happy with purchase.  We have had the same mattress for a few months now and have not had a
ID-2005	i like this shower curtain.  I love the look and feel of it, and the color is gorgeous.
ID-2006	same as the others. The material is nice and thick. I will keep my shelves in order and keep them
ID-2007	Really nice, I am way more than impressed with the quality of this product.  I am just a little
ID-2008	Cute and sturdy! 3 year warranty. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but
ID-2009	Used the day after I purchased it and the night before I got it!  I was just starting to get
ID-2010	Beautiful color, really brightened up my room and the curtains are very soft.
ID-2011	Excellent.  Have a disability and have had this for a few months now.  I have one broken eye
ID-2012	The hooks are good quality and the suction cups are good quality.  The dimensions are just right. 
ID-2013	This rugs was really nice and sturdy, and the instructions are very clear and clear.
ID-2014	Why, why, why did I go to the trouble of using this?  Well, I was just looking
ID-2015	Beautiful sounding chimes. Not electronic, but the design is very good.  The only reason I gave
ID-2016	They are a better quality than the original.  The two buttons are also a little easier to use. 
ID-2017	I have over 70 hanging wine glasses and they look great.  I also have a wine glasses and a pair
ID-2018	Serious off-gassing!!! ugh!  Not only do you have to clean the area around the
ID-2019	For a teenagers room, it definitely does the job. Easy to assemble-the teenager did it herself! She says it's comfortable as well.
ID-2020	I gifted this to a friend who is a serious coffee drinker. The mug is sturdy and beautifully crafted. She loved it.
ID-2021	This bottle is soooooo Pretty !!  And, you can't lose it because there are not too many items with this color....
ID-2022	Perfect fit for my Coca-Cola kitchen!  The addition of the color on the walls brings charm and style to my kitchen!
ID-2023	Another great product from OXO.  The pot holder is light and comfortable to use.  It keeps heat away quite well.
ID-2024	This is a beautiful cup, does not leak. However it is not microwaveable. Easily fits in car cup holder. Nice big size.
ID-2025	My Grandsons are huge Mario & Luigi fans.  These are beautifully detailed, bold colors, soft, and comfy.  They loved them.
ID-2026	I was very happy with the curtains, they look expensive but were very reasonable it makes my living room look very elegant.
ID-2027	"bags are GREAT.  bags are small enough but big enough for all sorts of food

i shrink everything including seeds for gardening"
ID-2028	I used this for one of my mother's 50th birthday gag decorations. It was a nice touch to add to her misery.
ID-2029	this is a great pan. I have had 3 in the last 20 years. highly recommend. I would recommend and All-Clad products.
ID-2030	I love my scale, it is very useful for weighing out portions from large batches. No more guessing. It stores away nicely.
ID-2031	Great fabric and colour. Turned out exactly as I had expected. Also did not lose any colour upon washing.
ID-2032	chopped a half cup of walnuts 3 times, the button broke. a piece of trash great when it ran tho.
ID-2033	Needed to add this size to my other Cuisinart cookware and love it.  Very good quality and cooks quickly and evenly.
ID-2034	Got this as a gift for my wife and we have it on are bed and love it it is very warm
ID-2035	It makes using those deep shelves in my linen closet so more accessible and organized. It is made well and doesn't wobble.
ID-2036	Not the clear quality I was expecting, probably won't be using it where I thought I would. It's ok, just not great.
ID-2037	It's a must have, even if  you host a party once a year! Very elegant and very useful for a party!
ID-2038	My Adult Children are so Messy this Guard has DEFINITELY WORKED.  I helps to keep all that Bacon Grease at BAY.
ID-2039	I was amazed at how much it picks up! Very light worth every penny. I have all hard wood floors its perfect.
ID-2040	Not totally waterproof. Front allowed some water thru, but only in upper section. Very long - will shorten. Nice patent leather finish.
ID-2041	Works well so far. You can get a lot more food in here than I originally thought, so that's a major plus.
ID-2042	Nice and fluffy towel but not as absorbent as I think they should be, the however was nicely and return the fluffiness.
ID-2043	Command hooks have come a long way since the white plastic products. The metal hooks are nice, but  a little pricey.
ID-2044	This brand of microwave container's are Great. Love vent on lid. Handle is very handy, love my food Hot.
ID-2045	Perfect for my Kids play room!! Easy to put together and sturdy!! Came early!! Lays down onto bed very easy for guests!!
ID-2046	Julienne's zucchini into nice ribbons for "zoodles", but frequently the peels get stuck, requiring frequent 'de-gunking'. But works and didn't cost $30!
ID-2047	I make eggs with them and they work fine, but you need to put oil on them to keep them from sticking.
ID-2048	"I love the design and it holds quite a number of bags.  It seems to be made very well
and very cute"
ID-2049	Bought for my mom and she loves them. True to the color. I'm going to order the orange for my living room.
ID-2050	The rag was as shown in the pictures. The colors and sizing were very accurate. It matched perfectly with my living room.
ID-2051	Solid metal materials. Pretty easy to assemble. Bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it. All of his shoes fit nicely!
ID-2052	The clock is very nice, but the color-match is slightly off.  I had expected a darker finish.  Still nice, though.
ID-2053	I liked that I found 3 different sizes of scoops. I use them for a lot of things. Good price, good value.
ID-2054	Go very well with my existing pans. You can see what you are cooking and they are well made and dishwasher safe.
ID-2055	Quality Product made with Quality Materials. I won't need to replace this set it is going to last a long, long time
ID-2056	"as an amputee, I collect all things legless!
this actually is a sturdy, working, cork screw.
bought a second for a pirate loving brother!"
ID-2057	This is a nice little lamp, but the color in the picture is not accurate; it is not purple, it is fuschia.
ID-2058	Worked great!! A little hard to fold into the box !! But they looked great and stayed put once it was accomplished!
ID-2059	As described, very nice, warm as well.  Has help up great through several washings and still looks and feels like new.
ID-2060	Colors are off white & a pink red color. Returned it since it clashes with my real white & red kit hen.
ID-2061	Wow, this thing is everything that a professional blender needs. I will say that it's been one of my favorite
ID-2062	Love it. Just what we needed.Great quality and comfortable.  Also, it's been one of my favorite
ID-2063	Great fun for parties and weekend lunches.  We've had it for a couple of years and it's still
ID-2064	it was great size, great quality. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom on
ID-2065	I ordered the Zampognaro piece and it arrived with the instructions.  I also ordered the Zampogn
ID-2066	Very happy with this space saver and the quality. I will keep my shelves in order and use them for small
ID-2067	This is just what I needed. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom on top
ID-2068	This is very durable and looks great in the kitchen. I will keep my shelves in order and use them for extra
ID-2069	Legs came cracked slightly at first. The pieces were just too thin. I just got a couple of other ones
ID-2070	excellent product! love that there are two different pieces!Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and functional.
ID-2071	Nice, but the larger size is a little too big. I will keep my smaller ones as gifts.
ID-2072	Holds the stack in 60+ degree weather and the tools are included. This is a great product.
ID-2073	Still haven't figured out how to do it yet, but I will update this if I get one.
ID-2074	Sturdy set!  The color is a nice medium-dark pink.  The opener is strong and sturdy.
ID-2075	Plastic kinda cheap. The base is a little wide, but I'm happy with it. Very pretty.
ID-2076	Great product! I highly recommend this set!I love these containers.  They work well and look great. 
ID-2077	Bought another king for my daughter. The quality is good but it's not really the best one.
ID-2078	This replaced a Nespresso because it has the same taste. I also love that it's been made in a
ID-2079	Can't say much about this, it's just a nice set of knives that work well.
ID-2080	Great sheets!!  Deep pocketed pockets.  Love the colors.  Also, the dimensions are just right.
ID-2081	I ferment and use a LOT of water.  I've also used this for fermenting and using a lot of
ID-2082	Do not let the other reviewers say you can't make this smoothie without using the fruit and the other two reviewers
ID-2083	It is a beautiful sturdy, sturdy, and very comfortable chair. It is very comfortable and functional.
ID-2084	"A little larger than my old ones, but very comfortable.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is"
ID-2085	"the candles look very nice and have the quality to them.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is"
ID-2086	This has been a great purchase. The quality is good and it fits my bag well.
ID-2087	This was a gift but it has been a long time since I received it. I am just glad I got it
ID-2088	"Perfect for my 8 year old daughter and she loves it.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is"
ID-2089	Husband does trhe cooking in this cooker, and it is very easy to clean up the mess he has
ID-2090	Super sharp and the gooey part. Not too sharp. Like the other reviewers.
ID-2091	Fantastic - Love the tubes and the suction cups. I also love that the dimensions are just the right
ID-2092	I am a 37 yr old chef and I have a few of these for my kitchen.  They are so easy
ID-2093	Love these pans they work great. The only problem is that they are small. I have one and a half cup
ID-2094	Looks nice on the chair, but the design is a bit of a mess. I'm not sure how well it
ID-2095	These are super cute and look amazing in the kitchen. I will definitely be buying more!I am a big fan
ID-2096	Works great. Wish it were a little more wide.Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and functional. 
ID-2097	Very sturdy, easy to setup, and easy to clean. I will be purchasing more!Very pretty.
ID-2098	I brew my own ginger ale.  It's a good idea to make a small batch of ginger ale before you
ID-2099	Great price on a bed that has the quality and design of a true king size bed.  The color is bright
ID-2100	I love these curtains! They are an elegant design and they are a nice addition to the bedroom.Great product.
ID-2101	Little smaller than I anticipated but it is perfect for what I ordered it for . Very light weight and easy to hang.
ID-2102	I like these and they have lasted. They are kind of interestingly 'fuzzy' instead of being clear sharp colors, but they look good.
ID-2103	I have not used it much yet, however the well for catching juices is very deep which is what I was looking for.
ID-2104	looks good , fits good and the pocket holds the book and the tools that go with my processer. would recomend this !
ID-2105	Love my set! They reminded my of the cut-co white knife i have. Very sharp. I have already recived compliments on my set.
ID-2106	A nice idea that my daughter loved, too bad the quality was so poor that it couldn't even last through its Second Use.
ID-2107	Worth the purchase, sure grabs those dust bunnies (and rabbits!) With wood floors this is really a plus much better than dust mop.
ID-2108	sturdy, well made, seems to have a good seal. arrived on time and as described. perfect for flour/sugar or any other dry goods.
ID-2109	"Gave this to my mom as a gift.  She loved it.

Really nice and large tea bags, just what we were looking for!"
ID-2110	The handle is at a more extreme angle than the picture leads to believe.  The unit is beautiful, but not always practical.
ID-2111	Worked great to darken the room for sleeping.  I was nervous about the color, but it was perfect with my turquoise dcor!
ID-2112	Great teapot,,came in great shape,,and this is so neat to use,,makes just the perfect tea,,and PS,,YOU can use it on a ceramic stovetop
ID-2113	Works well.  Long length occasionally awkward.  Bottom needs to be anchored in order to apply more pressure to the grating surface.
ID-2114	Only received 6 bottles!!!! Also the caps are not the same as whats pictured they are the cheapie looking orange ones. Very disappointed....
ID-2115	"pros: Excellent range, easy to install, hacker friendly

cons: none

other: works great with back track but you need to install drivers from there website"
ID-2116	And this was cheap. No reason to spend more money and waste of materials to throw away a blender base that still works.
ID-2117	Cheese cloth was brand new, arrived in great condition. Excellently made. I use it for making loose leaf tea. Would recommend to others.
ID-2118	Love my garlic press. I moved and mine is packed. Had to buy this one till I find my own place and unpack
ID-2119	I love this pillow! I no longer have any neck or back pain! Thank you! It keeps it's form and never goes flat.
ID-2120	The person I bought this for,did not know unit had a filter. When we changed it, it worked like it was new again.
ID-2121	Great scent. It's fruity but no too sweet. One small cube is enough to spread through and entire 2 story 1800 sqft house
ID-2122	I got this for my aged mother so she would not have to lift a large heavy coffee pot. It works just great!
ID-2123	This is a good product, although I did find that sometimes it darkens one side more than the other. I would recommend it.
ID-2124	Worked good at first  until the grooves got clogged. I prefer the hand julienne tool for a better noodle in the end.
ID-2125	Using 1/3 cup to feed my Chihuahuas and the rest to help me with portion control.  Overall, great items for the price.
ID-2126	Very pretty and arrived in excellent shape. They do not provide privacy as you can see through them but they soften the light.
ID-2127	Great chair however the left arm broke off after a few months. I fixed it with gorilla glue. Pretty disappointed in the quality.
ID-2128	a great item and a sweet cup.  i love her too.  washes great and a good size for my am coffee!!!!
ID-2129	I saw this item on a Bobby Flay cooking show.... During commercial, I ordered it, so I can enjoy making mixed drinks..... Awesome......
ID-2130	They work well as advertized and for my intended use. They save perfectly good jars from being discarded as being without further use.
ID-2131	The setup was easy.  Could use a little more instructions but you really do not need them. Works well and looks nice.
ID-2132	I'm extremely pleased with this product! The cover fit my 18" x 51" ironing board perfectly, was easy to install, and reasonably priced.
ID-2133	Color is very pale pink, material is very soft. Held through the wash and dry cycle perfectly. The pillow design is as pictured.
ID-2134	SThey're incredibly thin, rip easily, bleed and are hard to get off the muffins. Splurge for a little more thicker ones, these suck.
ID-2135	I do not have to tell any one how awesome Tupperware is. We already know that. I really like the popsicle red color.
ID-2136	For the price it's great! I took off one star for the cardboard backing. I don't think this is best for a shower.
ID-2137	This is a BEAUTIFUL pot, heats evenly and is everything I expected it to be.  Perfect for making stock!  Highly recommend!
ID-2138	Great medium sized trash can.  Takes Simple Human bags size E.  Works well like all Simple Human products.  Looks great.
ID-2139	I wanted a simple popcorn popper and the Salbree popcorn popper works great.  I love that it flattens down for easy storage.
ID-2140	To thin and first time I sat down the string that was tied to chair ripped off. Cheap price still not worth it.
ID-2141	"The Moose Wine Bottle Accessories (Cordless)

Mozmo Wine Bottle Clipper

Mozmo"
ID-2142	Amazing power on the rug, it feels very sturdy. I will keep my rug in the house.I bought this for
ID-2143	I bought this for my daughter who is an avid runner.  She loves it!  She has a pair of running
ID-2144	Just as described and works great. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the
ID-2145	I put all of my old containers in the freezer and I'm happy with my purchase!  I highly recommend! 
ID-2146	I bought this to give as a gift. It is a little heavy for my small kitchen and doesn't fit in the
ID-2147	This is a great little tool. The only problem is that it takes a little getting used to.
ID-2148	"The magnets are a lot better than the ones you find in stores.

The magnet has a small opening on the"
ID-2149	this little machine is awesome!!  I love the feel of the fabric and how it's been folded.
ID-2150	Got ride of all those wheels. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to slide.I bought this for
ID-2151	my new teapot is worth every penny and the finish is good.  I have a large one and a small
ID-2152	Cheap, awkward to assemble frame.  I had to re-install it.  The dimensions were just right.
ID-2153	I was recently in Texas and had the opportunity to try out a new set of the Clipper.
ID-2154	have a insane collection of knives. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to find.I bought this for
ID-2155	Works great, exactly as described.  I love the look and feel of this pillow.  I just wish the two
ID-2156	Got this as a gift and it's a very nice item.  I just wish the one in the picture was a
ID-2157	Tall cup, so even if you have the coffee maker you can't pour it out.  If you have a
ID-2158	Love my new Crock-Pot 6-Pot, with the instructions included.  This is the first one I've
ID-2159	The product works fine so far. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the
ID-2160	Nice sheets. Look like the picture. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the covers together.
ID-2161	Yo, daddio, Go Daddio!  We have the pieces we need for our kitchen, and the
ID-2162	You can't go wrong with this set.  It is a great product for the price.  The colors are great
ID-2163	I bought this because Chef's Illustrated has the best recipe boards out there.  I have been using this for a while
ID-2164	Love this frame! Easy to put together and the materials are good.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is
ID-2165	I was looking for this pillow. It's comfortable, it's soft, and it fits.
ID-2166	This device works well and looks great.  It is very sturdy and easy to use.  It is so easy to
ID-2167	"Great table mat. Cork is nice and the quality is good.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is"
ID-2168	Ohio Tom,You're the only person who has the time to try this out. It's been awesome.
ID-2169	I collect angels so have a bunch of them.  I also love that they are removable and can be removed. 
ID-2170	This is a fabulous, high quality set, and the colors are perfect.  The dimensions are exactly what I wanted.
ID-2171	The slots aren't big enough for me, so I just put it on my bed and it fits.
ID-2172	This item looks awesome on my counter top.  I've had mine for a couple of years now and it's very
ID-2173	Works Well But If You Have an AC/DC fan, it's important to keep the fan in a closed position.
ID-2174	It fits a lot of small containers and the long handle is a nice bonus. I like the extra size so I can
ID-2175	Very comfortable to use.  We have had the wooden handle for a few months now and it has held up well.
ID-2176	I had previously bought another set of the same model. I did not need a new one, but I wanted one that
ID-2177	I love these spatula's, they are a little too long and too thin. I have a large one and a
ID-2178	I ordered this to display our wedding pics & I love it! Extremely well made & detailed. The advertisement photo doesn't do it justice!!!
ID-2179	Very nice guest set of napkins. Well stitched. Nicer than what one might find at many restaurants, and certainly better than the paper version!
ID-2180	I love my zero water dispenser.  The filters are expensive, but I think they are worth the cost to get rid of everything!
ID-2181	Great quality.  They handle heat well and are nice and thick.  They can be used for opening jars and bottles as well.
ID-2182	This is a piece of junk. Do not buy does not work Cheese grater does not work. this is nothing more than a rip-off.
ID-2183	Gave them several tries. Made sure tile was clean, suction cups were clean, suction properly applied. No go. Cannot recommend. They're in the trash.
ID-2184	It holds a lot of water, it's clean and utilitarian and best of all, it doesn't take up too much room in the fridge!
ID-2185	Loved this party decoration.  Large, beautiful colors and durable material.  Great all the way around. Fun party decoration which will catch attention.
ID-2186	I am loving these, they are great quality; nice and thick, perfect for doing dishes. I use thinner longer towles for my hand towels.
ID-2187	Needed a replacement sheet for our hospital bed.  Fits the extra long mattress on the bed.  The cotton is cool and comfortable.
ID-2188	i really love this, it looks just like the picture and was worth the extra money casue it works for holding my clothes pin
ID-2189	Works relatively well although difficult to hold in my hand.  I would probably get the Zyliss if I were to do it over.
ID-2190	very, very thin material with some sharp edges.  I had to hide it in fear my grand daughter would cut herself on it.
ID-2191	I was surprised when I went to use it there was not any markings for 1/2 or 1/4 cups.  Therefore the 3 stars.
ID-2192	These are serving their purpose of keeping down from escaping, but the ones I got from the Company Store are much softer and nicer.
ID-2193	Really like it. It's a good heater & a nice ambient light. The fire display is fun to watch & the remote is handy.
ID-2194	We got two of these for our sons (who were both graduating). It was fun to personalize them, and we have them as keepsakes.
ID-2195	I have had a larger one before and Hamilton Beach is a great product  would not hesitate to recommend t his to anyone.
ID-2196	I got these because my old brackets were bending under the weight of my curtains. These brackets are very well made and look great.
ID-2197	These have been excellent as I've transitioned my storage containers ovefrom plastic. The lids are sturdy and do not leak at all. Love them.
ID-2198	love it... wear it everyday after my shower while drying my hair and applying  makeup.. easy to wash and comes out like new
ID-2199	These tea cups are beautiful and the price, wow!! can't beat it!  They will be perfect for our "Alice in Wonderland" tea party!
ID-2200	It's a good idea but bin is made in China and looks cheap so you'll be paying way too much for what you get.
ID-2201	Great at the beginning but the candle will not burn all the way. Only got 3/4 of the way and the wick was done
ID-2202	I liked this set so well I bought another one just to get the canning funnel.  Works very well to help with canning.
ID-2203	Good price when you need real dish towels that will get dirty... wash once or twice before use and they will work much better.
ID-2204	Perfect for us. One granddaughter loves pink, the other granddaughter loves yellow. That leaves blue one for grandmas house. Great for timing tooth brushing!
ID-2205	really good.  not a size that fits a normal tissue box, so i took tissues out and put them in this box alone.
ID-2206	Good strong ice cream scoop with a nice comfortable handle grip and made a nice non pitting metal.  Very satisified with this product.
ID-2207	i fill it with sand and ash and its the perfect heat deflector. $10 for this or $50 for the ceramic shield? You decide
ID-2208	Great bottle for 4 1/2 year old to take to school. Durable and great color. Only good for cold water though per instruction manual
ID-2209	Never used one of these before this purchase . Not sure how I got along without it all this time. These things are great!
ID-2210	"Do you really need four huge holes at the back for cables? Not shown in the pictures.
received warped pieces and poor alignment of attachments."
ID-2211	i was burning with a charcoal and sage guess it got to hot and bottom rim came off other then that i love it
ID-2212	My little guy doesn't have to feel scared any more! He feels comfortable when he sprays this! Easy to refill with choice air freshener!
ID-2213	Super fast shipping.  This is a nice pan which seems to be holding up very well.  I will order more of these.
ID-2214	Price is reasonable not the cheapest but these are sure to work well. Nice and easy to open and close, good quality material too.
ID-2215	Thick aluminum bowl with well-defined suction cups. I also love that it's removable and can be removed. 
ID-2216	WOW! These are wonderful towels. The only problem is that they are kind of hard to wash.
ID-2217	OXO products never disappoint. We have had the best of them all. They are strong and sturdy.
ID-2218	We purchased this to replace a destroyed and broken wooden stove I had.  It's been a great purchase and we plan to
ID-2219	"I was a bit nervous about it, but it worked out great.

The only downside is that it's very small"
ID-2220	"They go along with the rest of the pieces and are very sturdy.

The only downside is that the top is a"
ID-2221	Luxurious!  These sheets are soft and comfortable.  I've slept on them for about a week and they are
ID-2222	Ordered our second one, after hearing the reviews.  We've had it for a couple of weeks and it's not
ID-2223	Really super wonderful storage for my containers and the materials are thick and sturdy.  I am very pleased with this purchase. 
ID-2224	Really cute. Love the colors. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the best
ID-2225	Reliable performance and easy cleanup, and an easy to clean. I will be purchasing more!Very pretty.
ID-2226	Well crafted and looks very nice. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the best
ID-2227	These work great and are easy to clean. I've also used them for the fruit and vegetables.
ID-2228	I fell this should be a standard size. Not too large. Like the size of the other two.
ID-2229	I hadn't don a review before, so I'd try this one first, but I'm just glad I did. 
ID-2230	"You do not realize how much more you can get in a full cup of coffee!

If you are not careful,"
ID-2231	Good, arrived after a re-order. I love the look and feel of this pillow.
ID-2232	This works just like the old ones, with the instructions included.  There is a button that is a little off the top
ID-2233	The the soap lifts definitely helps. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to slide.I bought this for a
ID-2234	Soft sheets but the tailoring is a little on the thin side.  This is a nice one.I bought this for
ID-2235	Awesome solution for minimal cabinet space. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom on top.
ID-2236	Heavy duty, nice light colored, and easy to clean. I will keep my shelves in order and use them for extra storage
ID-2237	Seems o.k. but time will tell. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the one in the
ID-2238	Nothing and I mean NOTHING.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I just can't get the
ID-2239	I cannot brag on this, it is an amazing product.  I have a small family and we have two small dogs
ID-2240	Was going to use it for an electric bill, but I didn't need it. I just wanted a small solution.
ID-2241	Made  for the Lodge, it is an excellent value for the money.  I would recommend.I bought this for a
ID-2242	Very easy to use, very easy to clean. Easy to clean. Cleaning is easy.
ID-2243	This bed skirt fit our queen size bed perfectly and is very comfortable.  The colors are just as shown and the bed is
ID-2244	May well be the best time of the year to try this.  If you have been wanting to get a top quality dish
ID-2245	Makes perfect espresso every time, and has the right height. I also love that it's removable, so you can have
ID-2246	All my barbecuing has improved, and the quality of the product is better than my previous one. Great product.
ID-2247	Purchased as a gift. I use it everyday. It is a great product for the price.I am a big
ID-2248	great quality! this is exactly what I wanted.  I've had mine for a couple of years and it's still working
ID-2249	Bought this to replace an old set I bought a year ago.  This is the first one I've owned. 
ID-2250	Love these pillows! What a great value for two. Every bed should have these. By the way, Bed, Bath and Beyond sells covers for these.
ID-2251	best rice cooker ever. simple to use like 4 button simple. can make rice that stays fresh for a while with a keep warm feature.
ID-2252	Clients love these sheets. They feel "high end". Holding up well with frequent washing. No staining. Buy these if you like to spoil your clients!
ID-2253	I use this all the time!  Only improvement would be to reverse the locking mechanism.  Pull out to unlock (that is my preference).
ID-2254	i saw these used on a recent cruise.  they were a must have.  will try them out at the pool on windy days.
ID-2255	With the price I was really hoping this would work for drying shoes but the straps are not long enough to fit my dryer door.
ID-2256	Bought this sofa for my class c motorhome.  IT was easy to assemble and it it quite comfortable.  The price was very competetive.
ID-2257	Got this as a gift for our daughter, it is light weight and very sturdy.  The creamy yellow looks nice in the utensil canister.
ID-2258	Bought this for my round dining room table for Christmas....just opened and was very pleased with the quality.  Thinking about buying a second one.
ID-2259	Have had the Bella 13964 for just over a month and have used it 3 times. Very happy with the results. Love the purple color!
ID-2260	Have this by my stove and it's adorable.  Easy to change the candle  Just a fun little thing.  Glad I bought it.
ID-2261	The metal logo gets really hot as you drink some hot beverages using this cup. You need to be careful. Otherwise, I love the cup.
ID-2262	Finally found a can opener that opens cans simply and easy. What more can I say except that it's well made and sturdy? Nuff said.
ID-2263	Bed frame has easy to understand directions and is quick to assemble. Works great and fits twin mattress perfectly. Plenty of room underneath for storage.
ID-2264	These were a bit disappointing.  I was expecting a heavy poster paper and these were on regular colored printer paper.  I returned them.
ID-2265	Well it is a can opener and it opens cans.  What more can you ask of a CAN OPENER.  It is very attractive.
ID-2266	These are well made and reasonably priced.  I will be buying more.  I washed themand they came out of the dryerin great shape.
ID-2267	So far so good, I like the fact that the bottom is waterproof, my old dispenser was ruined because it was not and batteries rusted
ID-2268	Love my silicone lids!!  They keep food hot and are indestructible!  Have given as gifts to several people and they all love them.
ID-2269	These are actually great to make small desserts in! not just for candles! Can do personal pies, personal cookies, personal dips in.
ID-2270	Bag arrived promptly and is as described.  Great that it can be kept in the freezer.  It's roomy and perfect for my needs.
ID-2271	This item came very quickly easy to follow up or to let out very soft to the touch and comfortable for your head loving it
ID-2272	very heavy and does keep food warm. it enough room for 4 full size pans not 5, when you need to place sternos in bottom
ID-2273	These are great to keep in your purse or car or backpack so that you're never without a bag. They're sturdy and a good size.
ID-2274	The nonstick part works fine. But the bottom of the pan is not flat and therefore does not sit evenly on my ceramic top stove.
ID-2275	Does the job, I unhooked them for cooking and they helped me make the best biscuits I ever produced.  Good price, shipped quick, A+.
ID-2276	It's beautiful! Well constructed . The picture doesn't do it justice. If you work at it, you could fit a queen size pillow in it.
ID-2277	Not too thin and not too thick.  Perfect for where I live in South Florida.  Washed up great and soft to the touch.
ID-2278	I received this product with an expiration date for last April. Didn't work well. The yeast didn't activate. I am very disappointed with this product.
ID-2279	What a gorgeous rug! Looks beautiful under my small round dining room table.  A great value for the price. Very plush and expensive looking.
ID-2280	my wife's been looking everywhere for this item. Should have known to trust Amazon from the start. She likes them and I liked the price
ID-2281	Bought it in black - amazing device with great sound quality, but a little cheap looking. The buttons on top look like very cheap plastic.
ID-2282	Great way to recycle old throw pillows, the dog theme is cool and colorful, the price was great for a linen cover, I would recommend
ID-2283	Very nice. Good quality for the price. Look forward to giving as a wedding gift & feel certain new bride & groom will like it.
ID-2284	This thing is ridiculously comfortable - a definite no-brainer purchase if you want some added comfort in the kitchen (or anywhere else for the matter).
ID-2285	This dishcloth is wonderful. It holds a large amount of food but it's also a very strong one.
ID-2286	Pretty flowers but they smell better than the ones we've had in the past. I'm not sure how well they'll hold up
ID-2287	Great colorful glasses at a great price and quality.Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and functional.  Great for the price
ID-2288	These are pretty, and a nice size, but they are too small to fit my small vacuum. I'm using them for dish
ID-2289	Great pattern is extremely sheer and has the design of a T-shirt. I am very pleased with this purchase.
ID-2290	Flawless, accurate, easy to use. It looks great and the materials are good.
ID-2291	Purchased this to clean my kitchen sink and the sink part of my kitchen sink. I have one in my bathroom and the
ID-2292	These leaked air after just a few uses.  Not sure how they did it, but the extra suction cup seems to be
ID-2293	"They work perfect for picking up an entire bunch of fruits and vegetables.

The only downside is that the top is a bit"
ID-2294	Nice quality given the price.  I love the look and feel of this pillow.  I'm very pleased with the quality and
ID-2295	Exactly what I expected and it has the quality and design of a lot of other products.  It is so easy to use and
ID-2296	This is nice for the price. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the best vacuum
ID-2297	Perfect frame. Exactly the size and looks exactly as pictured. I will be purchasing more for my kitchen.I bought this for a
ID-2298	I have a electric stove that has a wide range of temperatures. This is the first one I have owned.
ID-2299	The purple and blue cups are an amazing design and they are a nice addition to the decor. The cup holder is very sturdy and
ID-2300	I was really impressed with this set and the quality. I will be purchasing more for my kitchen.I bought this for a friend
ID-2301	CUTE! My toddler - and I - love the look of this blanket. It is a nice, functional blanket.
ID-2302	This is a really nice little set, and very comfortable for a travel mug. I would recommend.I bought this for a friend
ID-2303	These impart a terrible taste, and the only way you can taste it is if you are just using a tasteless piece of plastic
ID-2304	I love this spoon since it has the wide mouth design. I also like the fact that the bottom is adjustable.
ID-2305	Fits very very small shoes.  I love the feel of the fabric.  I would buy again.I bought this for
ID-2306	Works great easy to store and assemble and the materials are good. I have a large one and a small one.
ID-2307	It was too small for my purpose and the finish was too smooth.  I would have given it a 5 but the finish is
ID-2308	Brown Tufted Velvet Ottoman from the US, with a comfortable grip.  This is the first one I've owned. 
ID-2309	Super cute props but for the price, they look just like real ones!This is a pretty good size and the packaging is nice
ID-2310	If you need to get a larger pot, you can't go wrong with this. It has a nice yet sturdy design and the
ID-2311	"Not impressed, but then what else can you say about these?

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the"
ID-2312	This item saves me from having to go through the hassle of returning it, and I'm not complaining.  I had to replace
ID-2313	I really like this topper.  The design is very good and easy to use.  The extra bottom is great. 
ID-2314	Beautiful.  They are a little thinner than the picture.  But they are just perfect!  They look so nice.
ID-2315	The slicer works easily and looks good.  It is very sharp and easy to use.  The bottom is not very flexible
ID-2316	Works great. Bought  second one for my daughter and she loved it. Nice, sturdy, and functional.
ID-2317	Thought they would hold better, but the quality is just too thin. Nice, sturdy, and functional.
ID-2318	I got 2 of these and they are the best. I will keep them for the next couple years. Love it.
ID-2319	Just what I was looking for. Got these for mini desserts just like at the restaurant Seasons 52. I think they are actually the same ones.
ID-2320	Got several sets of these through Amazon and they're all great.  I've dropped em in the sink a bunch and they haven't chipped or shattered.
ID-2321	I can't push on it hard enough to get it to dispense the salt. My husband can use it well enough. Am sorry I bought it
ID-2322	High Quality. Works well on herbs. Nice cover for safety. Good for buying for self. Comes in very minimal packaging, would not give as a gift.
ID-2323	Use a lower heat setting and let the aluminum heat up while moving it around over the heat source in order to cook your waffle evenly.
ID-2324	Duller coloring than picture on here, as everyone else says. But that was what I planned on and it's soooo cute. I get tons of compliments.
ID-2325	"Exactly as described! This mat fit our 16x16 artwork perfectly and works wonderfully with this frame:

http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0049OAQ48/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_8

Together, both of these products saved us hundreds over custom framing!"
ID-2326	Really thought this candle would be much larger, but it's lasted quite a long time considering how small it is. Obsessed with the way it smells.
ID-2327	They bent every time we tried to drive them in, not strong enough to hold. For many of the shutters we had to use screws instead.
ID-2328	Hard to find smaller food quality glasses. This my second set.  I mixed them with the fleur de lis design.  Perfect size cocktail glass.
ID-2329	Loved this have used it to make a ham and a turkey breast so far. Works great has easy controls and is super easy to use
ID-2330	These shelves are great there's so many different things you can do with them  Great price too.  Shelves are hard to find these days
ID-2331	It's hard to describe the feeling I get every time i use this thing.  Make Salsa and guacamole with your favorite veggies in mere seconds.
ID-2332	I love this.  The salt and the pepper both stay nice and dry.  It is easy to move around and everyone looks at it.
ID-2333	Lovely tea kettle. Used to have stop top variety, but when I purchased new smooth stove decided to try this. Works great. Love the red color.
ID-2334	"These are nice, but not as good as the York design. These will go in the guest bath.

These are better: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004KKXA6C/ref=oh_o00_s00_i00_details
the handles are easier to grasp."
ID-2335	I like the ergonomic curves of the "tractor" style seat. The chair is light, and not heavy duty, but it's comfortable enough and rolls around nicely.
ID-2336	It fits my average-female-size hand well and serves as a favorite general cooking/prepping tool.  It keeps its' edge well.  Perhaps a bit over priced?
ID-2337	These are just okay. They will not work to cool your room temperature or warm drink but work to keep it cool for hour or so.
ID-2338	I am loving this!!  It's the perfect size... big enough for any dish!  Nothing sticks, it heats quickly, and the two handles are great!!
ID-2339	I love this coat rack. It fits perfectly in the corner of my foyer and is sturdy! It was simple to assemble and looks stylish too.
ID-2340	I turned the dining room into my sons bedroom and to give him a little privacy i bought some burlap and this curtain rod works perfectly.
ID-2341	I received the canning jars in good shape.  They were well packaged with a lot of bubble wrap on the case.  No broken glass.
ID-2342	They get the job done. Nice bright color. Be sure to pay attention to the dimensions. Much smaller than I expected, but that was my fault.
ID-2343	big improvement over my  kids old lunchbox. I use all sorts of different containers for his lunch and they all fit with room to spare..
ID-2344	Suburb quality.  Fits in my Instant Pot Duo 6 quart pressure cooker.  Use it for many different things besides baking.  Cleans up effortlessly.
ID-2345	"I'm disappointed. 1 bowl has a chipped bottom & 2 bowls have pitted insides.
I would return them for refund but I need these for a dinner."
ID-2346	This is a beautiful clock that sits on a shelf in my entertainment center. The quality is good and I am very pleased with my purchase.
ID-2347	This is great crock pot carrier!! It has straps to help keep lids on you crockpot. It is insulated to help keep food warm while transporting.
ID-2348	The knives don't work well as steak knives.  The serrated blade tears apart whatever you try to cut, rather than slicing.  Throwing them out.
ID-2349	The stand is perfect for raising the TV enough to be able to place the Blue-Ray player underneath.  The setup looks nicely organized and neat.
ID-2350	These glasses have been great. They have a nice weight and the design is interesting without being flashy or gaudy. We use them for whiskey, yum.
ID-2351	I ordered these mini cookie cutters to outline shapes onto my larger cookies that I decorate with royal icing, and these are perfect for that task.
ID-2352	I love this because it does't leak AT ALL. It's easy to clean in the dishwasher, the straw pops out easily and is easy to replace.
ID-2353	Ordered this for an office. It arrived with a small scratch on the lid, which was not an issue.
ID-2354	Bigger than I thought, but it has the quality and design of a lot of other products.  It is so easy to use
ID-2355	"Use these so often it doesn't matter what you try.

If you have a small kitchen, this is the dishwasher safe"
ID-2356	This is a wonderful pan. I love the look and feel of it, and the size and the appearance are perfect.
ID-2357	This is our second one. We have had the same one for a few months now and it has held up well.
ID-2358	I love this product. Its perfect for the price and it is a nice piece of equipment.  It is so easy to use.
ID-2359	I've  had a total of two people with knee issues for a long time, and this one is a keeper.
ID-2360	I'm actually using this at home.  It's a good size and looks great in the kitchen.I bought this for a friend
ID-2361	It cooks rice fast but it takes a long time. I will keep my rice in the fridge.I bought this for a friend,
ID-2362	These are really nice soaps. The only problem is that they are kind of hard to put in the dryer.
ID-2363	base is a little loose, but the design is just what it was designed for. I'm very pleased with the quality and the look
ID-2364	When my children celebrate their Halloween holidays, they are using this to decorate their rooms.  It is so cute and the design is
ID-2365	I like that these have a button that you can press to open or close the lid.  The other two have the same button,
ID-2366	I've had it for about a month and it's just what I wanted. I'm just glad I bought it.
ID-2367	I got two of these and they are the best. I will keep them for the next couple years. Love it.
ID-2368	I have multiple Vornado fan blades and the only one I've had that didn't have a scratch was a pair of the Stainless
ID-2369	Looks just like pic cute and looks nice.We love this blanket.  It's been one of our favorite blanket covers ever. 
ID-2370	I bought these in white and they are very nice. I will keep them for the next couple years. Love it.
ID-2371	Bought for my brother at a party and he loves it.  We also have a baby one.I bought this for a friend
ID-2372	Love these bowls. Summertime has arrived and the bowls are still fresh!  I am very happy with my purchase.
ID-2373	Love this pan. Purchased this pan because I needed something that would keep my cheese hot and stayed hot longer.
ID-2374	Bought another set of 4 and it arrived with a cracked seal. This is the first one I've had.
ID-2375	This was a gift - and it was a very nice item.  I just wish the one in the picture had a little more of
ID-2376	The white filter fit just fine. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to see.I bought this for a friend,
ID-2377	Wouldn't cut/open  the top, it's just too thin for my liking. I would recommend.
ID-2378	We use this constantly at home. The only reason I don't rate this is because I don't like that it is dishwasher safe
ID-2379	Used but not abused in any way.  It is a little noisy but not too noisy.  It is not the best bedding
ID-2380	These are exactly what I needed. The only problem is that they are small, and the one I bought from the Amazon seller is a
ID-2381	These are VERY nice, quality, and the quality is just right.  These are the perfect size to store two small bags of food
ID-2382	This is a nice set of containers, and the instructions are very easy to follow. I'm very pleased with the quality of the containers
ID-2383	Good for beach house or RV. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom on.
ID-2384	Love this banana holder! It's perfect for the summer and stays put in the fridge for a long time.I bought this for a
ID-2385	Bought these to use for my cooking oils to keep the containers cleaner for pouring and not making a mess in my cabinets and I love them!
ID-2386	The inside liner already has mold after only a couple of months so the PEV is not as good in preventing mold from damp as it sounds
ID-2387	This lavender incense is a favorite of mine.  Pleasant aroma, does not smell "burnt" like some other incense I have tried.  I would recommend this.
ID-2388	Doesn't slide around. Doesn't interfere with the door closing. Works great. Use it in the bathroom to hang towels. Wish they were available in a non-monochrome color.
ID-2389	Very nice! Arrived quickly and was very simple to put together. We won't be using the smallest tier as we are having an 8 cake on top.
ID-2390	This organizer fits very nicely into the bottom of my closet and also looks great in my bedroom and is so very functional.  I highly recommend.
ID-2391	Being i use garlic in almost everything i order this is my favorite kitchen utensil. Makes cutting that garlic so much easier when it gets time consuming
ID-2392	Does slice thinly for coleslaw.  My husband loves using it for slicing.  Makes life much easier.  Easy to clean, then ready to use again.
ID-2393	The bed frame glide replaced the wheels attached to my bed. It was a simple process to do, pulled the wheels off and attach the bed glides.
ID-2394	Works nicely and keeps things fresh. The lack of the 5th star is due to the way it lines up and a little flimsy. Would recommend though.
ID-2395	Cheap parts - the screw broke when I was screwing into the stud in the wall. Overall it functions correctly but was surprised by the broken screw...
ID-2396	Mirrors arrived in perfect condition. The beveled edge is a nice touch. Will look perfect for under my centerpieces at my wedding.
ID-2397	Very nice quality and its adorable! Made both snowman and Santa. It wants me to say more! Well, this is way better than those cheap flimsy ones!
ID-2398	Bought these when i received an ice cream maker for Christmas. Love these containers to transport my homemade ice cream to go with any dessert i bring.
ID-2399	Easy instructions - love that they are right on the bar! I've ordered 2 now and they are simple and easy to use and look very nice.
ID-2400	"I have had it One year and the display stopped working and only way  to get the thing on is with the remote.
currently fighting with company"
ID-2401	I love this cutting boards as they are sturdy and dishwasher safe.  They do not slip and slide around on the counter top.  Good purchase.
ID-2402	Got these for one of the bedrooms, but these are so lovely they can be used anywhere.  Fantastic quality and colors are vivid.  Highly recommended.
ID-2403	I got this for my gf for her bday she loved it. works great. I use real candles in it and never had any issues. Looks great.
ID-2404	Great curtains! Thick and great quality! Blocks out light and quite a bit of sound.  It's hard finding blackouts at such a long length. Very pleased.
ID-2405	I love this set.  The solid little flipper thingy is perfect for stir fries and the fork is great for doing scrambled eggs in the skillet.
ID-2406	I lost this product but I loved this cup so much that I plan on getting another one when I get the money. Thanks for reminding me.
ID-2407	Love, love, love, my bentgo lunch boxes.  I bought several to give as gifts to my grandchildren, they all use them all the time. Awesome buy.
ID-2408	I got these for the folding closet doors and they are a bit too wide, but we used them without the crossbar and they work very well.
ID-2409	Purchased these to make some sharp cheddar cheese and they worked great - or so I hope. Won't know if it's sharp cheese for another few months..
ID-2410	Love the glasses!  Great for ice tea or just water. easy to hold even for arthritic hands because of the small bottom.
ID-2411	Talk about a game changer... this product has been outstanding!  Its the best adult version of an Easy Bake Oven!  We love Tater Tots! Cheerz!
ID-2412	"The coverlet is just what I wanted. I have looked at other products since my purchase they may cost less

but do no have the same qualty."
ID-2413	Not impossible to put together by yourself. Only scratched one place in a not very noticeable place. Get many compliments on it and has lots of storage.
ID-2414	My son and his wife have this at their house and I tried it and loved it and had to have one for myself.
ID-2415	They worked well outside during the holidays.  I would have preferred buying Made in America.  Didnt realize they were made in China until they arrived.
ID-2416	Absolutely love the quality, color and price. The cat seems to have taken to it so I bought a matching cat bed from Amazon for the kitty.
ID-2417	Purchased two of these for my daughter and she loves them. She also loves the size and the appearance.
ID-2418	I really like these items. The quality is good and they are easy to clean. The bottom plate is very sturdy.
ID-2419	I liked it but It doesn't work as well as I thought it would. I would recommend.I bought this for a friend, she
ID-2420	Absolutely gorgeous - wanted to go with the wide wooden legs - but they are just too short and the bottom is too short.
ID-2421	When we used our old vacuum cleaner, the suction was a little bit slow, but the vacuum is so much better than the old one
ID-2422	Greatest product I have ever had. The quality is just as advertised.Nice, sturdy, and functional.  Great for the price.
ID-2423	Cheesy, but so awesome. Looks nice on the counter, and I will keep my cheese in it.Great product. Great price.
ID-2424	This is my first spiralizer and it works great.  I use it for my small fruit and vegetables.  I had to replace a
ID-2425	Very good quality for a small space and the price. I will keep my shelves in order and use them for extra storage.
ID-2426	nice really sends the air out of the room.Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and functional.  Great for the price. 
ID-2427	This is a nice, sturdy, sturdy, and very comfortable chair.  It is very comfortable and functional.  I had a similar chair
ID-2428	I had my mom make some of the pieces and put them in her cupboards. I just wanted a cupboard that would fit a typical
ID-2429	Works great! Simple and effective. We have had the same one for about a year now and it has held up well.
ID-2430	product is very thin and doesn't support the weight. I will keep my old one but the extra space is not the best.
ID-2431	If you have a shower curtain or you want to make a smoothie, this is a great product.  I had to replace a couple
ID-2432	"My Mom Loved It.
Along with the picture, the box is thick and sturdy, and the handle has a nice touch. "
ID-2433	These mitts work well, and are a nice size too. I will keep them for the next couple of months.
ID-2434	Has aluminum.. would of been better. The only problem is that it doesnt turn up the heat easily.I bought this for a friend,
ID-2435	I really like this Wine Rack.  It's comfortable and it's easy to clean.  It is so easy to open the lid.
ID-2436	I use this only for small containers and the only thing I will say is that the handle has to be removed.  The plastic part is
ID-2437	same filter as big box's, but the quality is just what it's for. I like the extra suction cup that comes with the
ID-2438	Using these in a camper, it's an impressive addition to our kitchen!  I have one in my bathroom and the other in our
ID-2439	I couldn't believe how soft and plush the pillow cases are.  I also love the fact that they are so soft and plush. 
ID-2440	These are the best hangers I have ever bought.  I will keep them for the next couple years.  Great quality and I am
ID-2441	It may not be the best quality, but it is what it is.  I have one in my bathroom and the other in a closet
ID-2442	I bought this for my daughter who is an avid runner.  She loves it!  She has a pair of running shoes and a pair
ID-2443	Great little coffee maker to use. The only problem is that it takes a while to get full.I bought this for a friend, and
ID-2444	"We Were Beyond Tired of Not Being The Most Perfect Pillow

We have a mattress and we have two of the best pillows"
ID-2445	Great product - no slipping, it stays on the counter - it's easy to clean and the extra space is great. The plastic parts are
ID-2446	"Ah, we love these sheets. They are so comfortable and comfortable.

The only reason I gave this a 5 stars is because I"
ID-2447	I love it and it looks great in the kitchen. I will keep it for a long time.I bought this for a friend, and
ID-2448	This is my second Eureka Enviro steamer.  My first one died (it was a used one).  It works really well, and I am happy with it.
ID-2449	They are the best for mixing, storing etc.,  I haven't tried them in the oven yet.  I wish the lids fit more snug, but, they're great.
ID-2450	Yup, they work and they came on time. What else does one say about vacuum cleaner bags. Oh, the paper/mesh is an improvement over old bags of sizes.
ID-2451	These are great!  Strong, multiple sizes, very high quality.  I have bought cheap-o brands that break easily.  These seem pretty much unbreakable.  Excellent product.
ID-2452	it works just like a regular size ironing board, but much handier to use and easier to store,and the flatter the surface its on the better it irons.
ID-2453	This looks so good and really changes the look of the bathroom. We were going for a Game of Thrones theme and it works perfectly for our purpose.
ID-2454	The Pointehaven  heavyweight flannel sheet set is so pretty and soft and cuddly. Matched with the snowflake blanket it makes a wonderful gift or enjoy it yourself.
ID-2455	This is a good steamer for travel. Very effective. Since travel size you have to fill the tank with water a few times which is not a hassle.
ID-2456	This is just like what my mom used when I was growing up. Every time I use it I feel like she is in the kitchen with me.
ID-2457	My hands are quite arthritic and this has really be a help in opening all sorts of bottles and jars.  It is easy to use and works!
ID-2458	I bought several different styles and lengths and love them all.  They arrived quickly, packaged well and the best part is that they are MADE IN USA.
ID-2459	"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/ORBLUE-Flatware-Pie-Server-Stainless-Steel-Cake-Cutter/dp/B011J5MKPC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">ORBLUE Flatware Pie Server Stainless Steel Cake Cutter</a>&nbsp;FOR REVIEW

GREAT QUALITY. nice finish good and solid item feels and looks very professional. well worth the purchase"
ID-2460	This is a great combo. Can't say enough about how well this works. Can cook 2 different items at once. Make chili and cornbread at the same time.
ID-2461	This is a nice looking, easy to read weather forecaster.  It's simple and not full of a 100 metrics like some of the other ones out there.
ID-2462	Organises well. We did buy it for something else than it was intended for - to store dart supplies in our basement. Segments small odds and ends well.
ID-2463	Depends on what you want to drink. If you are using for coffee there are better alternatives at a lot lower price. It is a good beer glass.
ID-2464	Great purchase.  Made my first pastry shell and pie; pastry shell was perfect. Note, however, that the blender's cleaner is not made to wipe the inner wires.
ID-2465	I USED THESE TO WASH MY WINDOWS AND WHAT SUPER NICE CLOTHS, NOT A BIT OF LINT AND SO HANDY AND WASHES UP GREAT... NOW MY WINDOW SPARKLE...
ID-2466	"These have been so helpful in organizing my pantry and under the sink. We will use more as I get more organized in various
areas. Very pleased with product."
ID-2467	Look as described, seal great and function as they should.  Nothing fancy, but if I drop it on my stove, they won't chip the ceramic flat top...
ID-2468	Beautiful bold color. Very soft. Sized perfectly. Wish it had the matching pillow shams. Washed in COLD water ~ no problem with color running or pilling of fabric.
ID-2469	These glasses make me happy. They are heavy and beautiful. They say not to put them in the dishwasher, but I do and they are fairing v. well.
ID-2470	Great item, good quality. Just they do not fit Whithmor mesh storage cubes, too big for them. I though that company suppose think about compatibility between own products.
ID-2471	Large knife chipped the first time i used it.  I know that ceramic knives are more fragile but I was being very careful and it still chipped...
ID-2472	Long time needed product that replaced a regular mitt. I have no problem holding pans fresh out the oven but that does not mean they're burn resistant obviously.
ID-2473	"Love the color and texture
Ive order towels to match color in shower curtain 3 times and theyve been either hot piink or horrible texture."
ID-2474	I loved it until one of the sides broke from pushing down on it. But I ordered another one. It is not heavy duty though so slice carefully.
ID-2475	The Milkshake stays nice and cold in this, and feels like you're drinking a milkshake from an authentic fountain - a must have for milkshake or smoothie lovers!
ID-2476	Love the look, but it's a little flimsy...though honestly, I suppose that's fair for the price! I'm returning this one and ordering a larger and higher quality version!
ID-2477	Love these bottles. Had a problem one was broken and the seller was easy to deal and replaced the broken bottle no problem. I would definitely buy again
ID-2478	Very nice 100% cotton sheets. I purchase based on listed as "percale weave", however packaging has no mention of this.  Will wash and hope they hold up.
ID-2479	More beautiful in person!  We have had the wooden part of the bed for a couple of years now and it's very comfortable.
ID-2480	"No more slipping in the dishwasher, and the instructions are clear.

The only downside is that the top is a bit of a mess"
ID-2481	These are so handy. Fit perfect on the wall and are easy to clean. They are a great size for two adults. The plastic ones are
ID-2482	So much fun, so little time. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom on top. The plastic part is
ID-2483	I purchased this pie server rack to make the crust. I did not need a pie rack, but I wanted something that would fit a typical pie
ID-2484	again, smiles on the faces of my daughter.  Her dad is a happy guy and I just hope she gets the opportunity to get a better
ID-2485	I can't wait to see what happens when the ice gets too cold.Nice, sturdy, and functional.  Great for the price. 
ID-2486	Cheaply made.  But it looks good and the materials are good.  If you have a couple of other items in the house,
ID-2487	this is WAY overpriced for what it is.  Not worth it.  I would buy it again.  Great buy!Works great.
ID-2488	Very nice small wall hanging, looks great and the materials are good. I have a large one and a small one.
ID-2489	It is as described. I use it as a long sleeve closet closet. The only downside is that it is very small.
ID-2490	Bought this on a whim and it was the best purchase I made.  It's been one of my favorite B-cups, and
ID-2491	Used it for the half time it took me to try it out. It's been pretty stable since I purchased it.
ID-2492	Great deal on a nice, nice set.  Great quality.  Also, the dimensions are pretty accurate.  Great price!  Bought 2
ID-2493	everything is great. no more bulky suction cups. My husband likes it too!  It is so easy to use.
ID-2494	This works better than any other. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom on top. The plastic part is also
ID-2495	These are so thick and soft. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I just wanted a pair of the best bed sheets I have
ID-2496	I thought it would be a little more expensive, but I really love this rug! It has a nice look and the color is a nice touch
ID-2497	My husband and I love this set and the price is good.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very
ID-2498	"Had a pretty firm surface, but the pieces were just too thin.

The top shelf is a little too heavy for the most typical shelf"
ID-2499	These lingerie bags are just what I wanted.  I've had mine for a couple of years now and it's the best I've ever
ID-2500	"Love this product. allows for more than just the ice cubes.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are"
ID-2501	"They do what they say, but the quality is just not good.

The only one I can think of that is the plastic. "
ID-2502	Great space saver...I just spreathed on the lid and it was a nice piece of equipment.  It is so small that it
ID-2503	This item arrived with one of the original pieces, which was a nice addition to the kitchen. The other piece was the dishwasher safe. 
ID-2504	Works beautifully and when dog treats me, they look just like the picture!This is a great product.  I had a plastic grocery bag that
ID-2505	Awesome awesome awesome. Product is perfect. The only problem is that it doesnt turn on the oven. Great product. Great price.
ID-2506	A nice gift for Christmas.  I love the look and feel of this pillow.  I just wish the pillow was a little more flexible.
ID-2507	I bought this just for a gift and thought it would be a nice addition to the kitchen. It is so small that it is not worth the
ID-2508	Very good buy. Brought as a gift and the recipient loved it.  Thank you!Very pretty.I bought this for a friend,
ID-2509	This was a gift to a fellow bread maker. Not sure if the less browning is due to using pan rather than just being on stone. Cleans up nicely.
ID-2510	I really love this griddle.  Food does not stick, it is really easy to clean and it does not unevenly like so many other griddles I have owned.
ID-2511	This is a great quality product and fits in nicely with our kitchen. It's a sturdy product that holds a ton of stuff and does the job! Would recommend.
ID-2512	These are great! Using them for storage on an open shelf and it keeps things clean while still looking nice and organized. Perfect for what I needed them for!
ID-2513	I got this for my husbands birthday present and he loves it! Whenever he is low on tea, or coffee he informs me that the Daleks are not happy.
ID-2514	These glasses are amazing. They are heavy and solid giving reassurance that they won't break easily and the shape is exactly what I was looking for in a glass.
ID-2515	Grand Son loves it. I have purchased about five different ones from the same seller. All has been great and continue to use the Seller. Fast ship.
ID-2516	Great sturdy little chair. My granddaughter loves anything moose so this has been the perfect chair for her. Love that it locks when open so no fear of collapse.
ID-2517	Absolutely gorgeous.  Have it in my living room to hold our movies and games.  Love the size and the color.  A nice solid piece as well.
ID-2518	"Great for flipping burgers and the like, just not so much for eggs!!

Didn't realize these were a hard nylon.....thought they were pliable to say the least, BUT, nice overall!!"
ID-2519	I like this shampooer. I no longer have carpet but if I ever do, I will definitely get another one. I also used it for cleaning my microfiber furniture.
ID-2520	Well-made, full brushes.  I just started using them, but they feel like they will hold their bristles for years.  Also have a nice, solid set of bristles.
ID-2521	This is a nice little odor eliminator... keep it going on low for maintenance.  The high setting is quite noisy unfortunately, but i like using it on low.
ID-2522	One star less because of it being made of plastic. Other than that, it works quite well.  This one is for Lift Bowl not for Tilt Head Mixer.
ID-2523	"For the price this is a nice piece of furniture,
Don't be a dope think you're getting Tiffany at Target prices.
It's just a lounger on the cheap.
It serves the purpose."
ID-2524	As a strainer this works but i was looking to buy this to use with my 8 Qt instant pot which due to the handles makes it now fit.
ID-2525	"This is quite simply the best smelling candle in the world.
Actually, it is the best smelling ANYTHING in the world.

I'm not really a candle person, but this is unbelievable!"
ID-2526	It is a very classy set! Just like the picture. I love that it's machine washable, though haven't washed it yet. The comforter is not too heavy and thick.
ID-2527	I though a square cake pan would be great but is hard to cut and display on a round cake stand. I will have to purchase a square stand.
ID-2528	Super happy with my rug! It's what I was looking for for our dining room and well under budget! Took forever to flatten out but that's to be expected!
ID-2529	Very solid, nice, clean looking napkin holder.  Matches most Satin Nickel finishes.  Very pleased with this product.  Price is good for the product you will receive.
ID-2530	Not really effective at all.  This is NOT tacky like the original product. It does not hold a candle in place at all.  it is not thick.
ID-2531	For the price paid it is a good quality pillow. It was a little smaller than the claimed 18x18 dimensions. But other than that is was worth the money.
ID-2532	"I bought this because my daughter had one and my husband liked it.
He uses it all the time great little item for one or two cups. No fuss really."
ID-2533	"Nice heavy weight fabric.  Washes and dries perfectly. All of the stains came right out and they looked like brand new after use.
I would highly recommen this item."
ID-2534	This works really well, can change between grams, oz etc and it can be tared too.  The battery life is excellent, I haven't had to change it yet.
ID-2535	Very small, have to be at a specific angle to see the numbers. It's cute and for my son, but it's not super loud or annoying so that's nice.
ID-2536	Most of the shower caddies you find in stores these days are kind of big and clunky (presumably for a large family?) but this one is the perfect size!
ID-2537	Doesn't fit any of the tissue boxes I have in my home.  I think it will only take a smaller size (not the large ones that I buy).
ID-2538	This are great! I've been looking for large plastic cup but I haven't been able to find them in the store. This are just what I've been looking for.
ID-2539	I placed this order on a whim and thought it would be a nice addition to the kitchen.  It's not.  I am a firm believer
ID-2540	The orange tint faded after a couple of years, and I'm not sure how I would have liked it.I had a similar model before and used
ID-2541	This is the best apple peeler I've ever used. I make my own fruit and vegetables and this peeler is the best.
ID-2542	I am so glad they are here and shipping was fast.  I also like the fact that they are so small.  I am using them for
ID-2543	I am a stomach sleeper and have had this product for a month now and it's been working great.  I had to replace a couple of the
ID-2544	Fits handheld models.  Used it on the patio and it works great.  Clean up is pretty easy.  Great price!Works great.
ID-2545	My regular coffeepot was driving me crazy and the only thing I didn't like was the way the coffee is so bitter.
ID-2546	I like them but the material is too thick and thin for my liking.  I would recommend.I bought this for a friend, and she is
ID-2547	Delivered on time, good packaging, and looks nice.We love this blanket.  It's been one of our favorite blanket covers ever since we
ID-2548	It was just what we needed. The quality is just what we needed. The dimensions are just what we needed.  The bed is solid and is
ID-2549	Not pretty. Covered in so many pieces and pieces. Not good enough.Nice, sturdy, and functional.  Great for the price. 
ID-2550	Goes together well. Be sure to have the right tools. I will keep my shelves in order. Great product. Great price.
ID-2551	These are a beautiful color and a nice quality.  I will keep them for the next couple of years.I had a similar model before and used
ID-2552	these work adequately for our purposes. The only problem is that it's difficult to put the cup in the cup holder. The plastic part is also difficult
ID-2553	I bought two sets of this set and they look just like the picture.  I am not sure how well they hold up but I think they are
ID-2554	I'm not sure if this is an issue with the instructions but it's kind of hard to find.I bought this for a friend, she loves
ID-2555	"Using this in my camper, it has the quality and durability of a standard, single-use one.

I had to replace a couple"
ID-2556	What's not to love, it's a real professional quality product. I will keep my money!Very pretty.I bought this for a friend,
ID-2557	This comforter is awesome.  It has the design of a comforter that is a little larger.  The top is a nice,
ID-2558	I love this blanket. Its soft and comfortable. It is thick enough to cover my entire mattress and is a great quality. The seams are solid and
ID-2559	Don't love it, don't hate it. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I just can't get the suction to run
ID-2560	Love this set of cups.  They are very well made and will last for a very long time.I bought this for a friend, and she
ID-2561	Adorable but could be a little more expensive. Not worth it. Nice, sturdy, and functional. Great for the price.
ID-2562	This product lasted a month.  I love the look and feel of this pillow.  It has a soft, soft feel to it, and it
ID-2563	Only used them once on a set of glasses, and I will keep them for the next one.I bought this for a friend, and she is
ID-2564	Very well constructed,  I use it as a long-term storage container for my small bags of coffee.  I had to replace a couple of
ID-2565	Cooks to hot to be safe. The only problem is that it takes a little getting used to.I bought this for a friend, and she
ID-2566	my friend purchased this for her.  She loves it.  She also loves the fact that it is so small.  I am using it for
ID-2567	this has always worked fine, but the quality has gone down a lot since I got this one.I bought this for a friend, and she is
ID-2568	Pretty, but dents and scratches easily.  I have placed this in an area where there is very little traffic, and it is still dented.  The wood seems soft.
ID-2569	Love these!  The extra lip is a super feature.  Especially love that there are no places where food can build up where handles often attach to the cups.
ID-2570	I now have 3 of these and they are a wonderful addition to my Fiestaware collection.  I have made pies in them and they are perfect for 2 people.
ID-2571	Took off one star for easy to use because it is not the easiest to out back in the holder after you use it. Other than that, it is great!
ID-2572	easy to assemble..looks super..plenty big love the extra shelf space ..i am using as a baking center, all my pans and bakery items fit perfectly!! would recommend to a friend!!
ID-2573	Well made, sturdy ornaments. Thankfully Amazon had 2012 ornament as I forgot to buy them in 2012. Purchased the 3 French hens this past Christmas. Looking forward to this collection.
ID-2574	Beautiful long lasting. With 4 kids we always lose our silverware . My kids think these are "really expensive " so they don't throw them away like all the others:)
ID-2575	I used this to display a Funko Pop doll collection. It's actually the perfect size. It would be perfect for cupcakes as well, just an FYI for nerds like me.
ID-2576	Love this Advent calendar.  It is adorable.  Just wish the company would have more selection than the night before Christmas one more that I can't remember the name.
ID-2577	These voile panels are as stated and a good price.  Specialty store don't have the variety of sizes and colors found on Amazon.  Yes I would recommend them.
ID-2578	My wife loves it and uses it lot on our induction cooking range where iron content is required.  The pan is heavy but the opposing handle is very helpful.
ID-2579	Haven't put this up yet because I want to paint them.  I know I will like it when I get through and free up more space in my cabinets.
ID-2580	This works just as well as my old Kitchen-aid mixer did and it's not as cumbersome. My only suggestion to the manufacturer is it needs a bowl with a handle.
ID-2581	It's hard to love a sheet set, but I do like it. It fit perfectly and the color was great. It was well made and I would recommend the product.
ID-2582	Happy happy satisfied awesome lovely thankful . I'm going to order more asap. I AM going to also order my DAUGHTER a set. I like the Length width. Thank you.
ID-2583	Purchased this to scoop directly from the coffee bag (I think that's what it's called). Problem is that it pushes back in very easily. The extender is pretty much useless.
ID-2584	Nice big sturdy Laundry Bag hope the two handles stay on and don't fall off or I'll have to request a return for a fefund or free new Laundry Bag
ID-2585	This is an adorable bag. I love the two separate compartments: I can keep one compartment with warm food, and the other with cold food, such as salad and drink.
ID-2586	Nice looking and well made, however, I had to return it because the fan was too loud for me.  I could not operate heater in my bedroom at night.
ID-2587	This unit is wonderful. I had torn a knuckle the day I ordered this and my knuckles now have protection. So easy to use! I would buy this product again.
ID-2588	This is a lightweight pot that heats up and cools down very quickly.  It is scrape proof and minimally non-stick.  For the price, it is a good pot.
ID-2589	Love this would recommend this to anyone to buy. Easy to hod and keeps butter fresh. Like the easy clean up too. Just hand wash. Price was also very good.
ID-2590	Love love love the feeling of bamboo sheets but the fitted sheet does not fit the thicker mattress well at all. Pops off the mattress every night we've used them.
ID-2591	The bamboo wood grain looks great and feels solid.  One thing I'd like is a way for the movable sides to have a way of locking down when expanded.
ID-2592	It heats my bedroom perfectly and I can turn down the central heating system to save money on the gas bill (we have solar panels that saves us on electricity).
ID-2593	I love the idea that my daughter can stir without making a gigantic mess. The lid was difficult to get on at first, but it seems to work OK now.
ID-2594	Good product and I think that they are better than the other snagfree types. A much better weaving in your product. THE others i had to cut off the snags.
ID-2595	We are quite happy with this scale. We use it primarily to weigh out coffee but have used it for recipes as well. It is accurate and easy to use.
ID-2596	Board was used it has MANY knife cuts in it. Does not have John Boos logo on it as picture shows. Not even sure its the same product. Not happy.
ID-2597	I wish the instructions were clear. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom on top. The plastic part is also hard to
ID-2598	I literally bought this so that I could go to a party and have my cake in it and it wasn't too hard to get a hold of and the
ID-2599	This is the hottest most beautiful set I've ever owned.  I love it!  I am so happy I bought it.  I also bought the
ID-2600	Have they brought me any more of the pieces?  I will keep my review.Very pretty.I bought this for a friend, and she is very
ID-2601	The BEST candle EVER!  We have had the candles for 2 years now and have not been disappointed.  The only thing I am not happy with is
ID-2602	Really funny/cute and great for a gift.  It is a little heavy for my small bedroom and doesn't fit in the dishwasher, but
ID-2603	I'm happy with them. 16 oz. and the finish is good.  I just wish the one in the picture had a little more of a matte
ID-2604	Poor quality. None of them are real, they are just a fake. Nice, sturdy, and functional. Great for the price.
ID-2605	Updated.  At first, it was a little bit of a pain to put the lid on.  After a couple of uses, I can say that
ID-2606	After reading all the online reviews, I thought it would be a nice addition to the kitchen.  It's not.  I am a firm believer that
ID-2607	After just a couple of weeks of use, the instructions for opening and closing the lid were not followed.  The lid is plastic, and the lid is
ID-2608	This is very simple and easy to assemble.  The two pieces are simple to assemble and the clips are so easy to use.  I also like the
ID-2609	This thing SUCKS, it is not an easy to clean. I will admit that I have been using this for a long time and I am not
ID-2610	The lower shelf is too small for the wide wooden legs of the rack, so I have to use a pair of screws to get the legs to get the
ID-2611	Arrived on time and in perfect condition.  It is a little heavy for my small kitchen and doesn't fit in the dishwasher, but it is
ID-2612	These are great for the price. The only problem is that they are small, and the one I bought from the Amazon seller is a bit small, but
ID-2613	Love this quilt. I have had it for a year and I still love it. I have one in my bathroom and the other in my office.
ID-2614	Really neat product. I tried it on the side and it worked perfectly. Nice, sturdy, and functional. Great for the price.
ID-2615	Enjoy your sleeping hours in this. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the pillow down.  The pillow itself is firm but the
ID-2616	Super easy to assemble, very easy to clean.  Easy to clean.  Cleaning is easy.  If you want to use a dishwasher,
ID-2617	I thought this was a nice set, but it is not.  The opener is a bit difficult to get off the dishwasher, but it is okay
ID-2618	it fits my pillow wonderfully!  I love the look and feel of this pillow, I have one in my bathroom and the other in my office. 
ID-2619	Needed a shower caddy that holds a whole bunch of towels.  I also have a large one.  I am very happy with the product and
ID-2620	I have had one of these for over a year and I still love it. I have one in my bathroom and the other in my office.
ID-2621	Love this vacuum! It works great. The only problem is that it comes with a small screw driver. It's not the best vacuum, but it is
ID-2622	Candles were little smaller than what I expected.  Not sure how they hold up in the dishwasher.  I had to replace a couple of the
ID-2623	great price good solution for the priceGreat quality and comfortable for a travel mug. I have one in my bathroom and the other in my office.
ID-2624	This was a great investment. Kept all salads cold during the day and did not take up alot of room like using a baby pool would.
ID-2625	I love the high quality of this, cleans very easily as well. Has a good weight to and shoots the minced garlic out nicely without even needing a ton of pressure.
ID-2626	I bought this for my daughter because the last one I bought had too much lent coming off all over her bed. But this blanket is really soft and no lint.
ID-2627	I bought these curtains because my husband works nights and he wanted the room to be nice and dark so he could sleep peacefully during the day. These curtains work beautifully!
ID-2628	Well if you're like me you will get the queen size in when you ordered the king. Even the package said king size. The material felt good, but to no avail.
ID-2629	I love this mat it was well worth every penny it helped me a lot with rolling the fondant and placing on the cake. It helps it not get dried out.
ID-2630	I adore this body pillow. Its light  and fits my body perfectly.  I am a side sleeper & the pillow is s perfect support for my legs & hips.
ID-2631	Molded within a couple months, but I'm in Texas. Good thing it was really easy to clean and felt heavier than most of the cheap shower liners. Really worth the price.
ID-2632	Had to buy 2 and cut to fit since we have a four-foot shower. It doesn't work that well but it's passable. Doesn't anybody make what's needed for these larger showers.
ID-2633	Bought this as a gift with a cookie jar and the recipient loves the mats!! She even asked where I purchased them. Am thinking about buying another set for myself :)
ID-2634	Perfect. Love it and the best part is it is blackout. I don't have to deal with the sun in my face early in the morning. Especially, on my days off.
ID-2635	I purchased this rug to go underneath my writing desk in my living room. I already had the area rug and door mat. It's looks very nice. The colors are beautiful.
ID-2636	Very cute.  I made two out of this towel...same design on both sides...crocheted a top with button to hang from oven or refrigerator door handle.  Makes two nice gifts.
ID-2637	I was concerned my oven temperature was off but using the Winco Dial Thermometer assured me the temperature was correct.  I like the hook which made it easy to use.
ID-2638	"Been using this over a year now, and have not had any problems.

We use with bagels, toast, open faced sandwiches, reheating dishes, reheating bread sticks, pizza, etc.

This things works great :)"
ID-2639	"I give the Hotel sheets to my daughter
She likes the color, feel of the fabric, the fit on her bed (mattress set)
It was and is the best choice I made thanks"
ID-2640	I was very disappointed in this product.  I thought it was very cheaply made.  It had plastic and not glass for the front and it was all scratched up.
ID-2641	I can't remember the last time I cleaned a toilet. These are the best back-scratchers ever invented. Keep them hidden from any significant other or roommate who might mistakenly misuse it.
ID-2642	This pot is amazing. Looks so beautiful and performs great so far. It is pretty heavy and love the fact that has the glass lid. I'll update in case something changes.
ID-2643	Update, my last 5 containers were bent on each end which made my cupcakes lean. So happen I just ordered from Websturant and was able to use the new ones.
ID-2644	These suck.  If you put them in the refrigerator they pop off.  Good luck getting them on to begin with.  Hopefully I can find a use for them.
ID-2645	Kept me from a bathroom remodel. I love the look of my retro bathroom but the holder was about to be replaced when someone suggested I try this. It works perfectly.
ID-2646	These are actually GIANT muffin cups, unlike many that are labeled as extra large or giant but are standard size, if that.  These will make giant Texas muffins and cupcakes.
ID-2647	The color is as expected. I was not completely impressed with the lack of plushness. However, it is a nice, light bedspread and I like the fact that it is washable.
ID-2648	"Pros:
Quick, Perfect cup of coffee everytime

Cons:
Noisy
Pricey
Annoying if trying to make coffee using K-cups for multiple people. (None of the cons are signficant to me, but might be to someone else."
ID-2649	I had sharpening stones for years but do to moving several times, I've lost them. I love this sharpening system because it has three grades of stone in one small package.
ID-2650	The rice cooker came with a steamer basket and a rice scooper. The overall design is the standard for a rice cooker. With 12 cups, it's more than enough for me.
ID-2651	Wow...nothing sticks to these pans.  They are lightweight and comfortable.  I also like the fact that they do not have the dishwasher, which is
ID-2652	A wonderful small narrow shelf that has the wide opening for two full shelves, a small closet and a small bathroom.  The shelves are solid and sturdy, and
ID-2653	Thought this would be good for an electric kettle, but I didn't want to throw away the extra space. I had to replace a couple of the plastic
ID-2654	This cheese slicer is so easy to use and very comfortable. The cheese slicer has a nice two-way attachment.
ID-2655	Bought for the upper bunk and it is the best. I will keep my bunk in the house.I bought this for a friend, she loves it!
ID-2656	Meh, clearly won't last more than a couple years. I will keep my old one as a gift.
ID-2657	Cheap and accurate (and you know what I mean) and I will keep my review for future reference.I bought this for a friend, and she is
ID-2658	We eat a lot of cookies. The only reason I didn't buy this is because I just can't get the cookies to fit, but that is okay.
ID-2659	Took under an hour to put together, but it worked out great. Nice, sturdy, and sturdy. Great for the price.
ID-2660	These are a bit expensive, but they are the best. I will keep them for the next couple of years.I had a similar model before and used the
ID-2661	It works just fine; however, it has the tendency to break if you are close to the top of the cup. I had to replace the bottom with a
ID-2662	This worked great for the first couple of weeks, and then it started to leak. I just washed it before I had to replace it.
ID-2663	Couldn't find one like I had before, but it is a great product for the price!  I highly recommend!  The plastic parts are very sturdy
ID-2664	Poorly Constructed. Holds/ Retains water better than the plastic bottles. I will keep my water in the cup.I bought this for a friend
ID-2665	Love,love,Love! Great color. Used for a gift and the recipient loved it. Very well made and fits the bill perfectly.
ID-2666	Absolutely beautiful!  The quality is amazing and the materials are thick and sturdy.  I am very pleased with this purchase.  I am very happy with the
ID-2667	Love these pretty and durable. The only problem is that they are tiny, I have one in my bathroom and the other in my office.
ID-2668	Had this beautiful flag in my bedroom, the only thing I didn't like is the way the colors are so bright. The colors are a bit brighter than the
ID-2669	These pads work great, I use them as a knee pad for my back, and I have them in my bathroom.  The pads are solid and absorb the
ID-2670	These spoons are very sturdy, and have the design to make them a nice addition to the kitchen. The bottom spoons are dishwasher safe.
ID-2671	the first time I took it out, the wooden part was broken. The rest of the time, it was the best I've ever had.
ID-2672	First time I used it, it was a little bit too hot.  It's been a couple months and I don't think I will ever get the chance
ID-2673	Love these jars.  They are a nice size and they fit perfectly on my shelves.  They are a great size and the plastic is solid and holds the
ID-2674	This is so very cute, and it's just perfect. I will keep it for a long time.I bought this for a friend, and she is a
ID-2675	Makes great crepes. Takes some time to make the crepes but it's worth it.Very pretty.I bought this for a friend, and she
ID-2676	Nice, durable, simple tea/dish towels. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom on top.
ID-2677	Eliminates big bulky dressers, thank goodness.  I was able to trash my big ugly wooden dresser, at last.  Great stuff, high quality, have owned mine for almost a year now.
ID-2678	"Smelled bad, very bad the first few days. Rotting grass small.

It had good support first few days. But then the support fizzled and the pillow turned into a pancake.

Not worth the price."
ID-2679	We ordered these for our garage to hang our bikes on. They are sturdy and hold the bikes perfectly. We have five bikes hanging and these saved us a ton of space.
ID-2680	A little small but works well.  The chair is super light weight and I had to put rubber non skid pads under the legs to keep people from sliding too much.
ID-2681	I wavered on whether to purchase or not. I even almost cancelled the order. So glad I didn't. These are very pretty- whimsical. I hung them in my master bath. They're beautiful.
ID-2682	Works perfectly for me. It fits my shoes and my husband's. Roomy. Love it. Saves a lot of space in our closet and this is important when you live in small apparent.
ID-2683	An excellent product, solid and well-made. These relatively rare black-colored ones were about four times more expensive than the usual red-colored ones, although both are made of the same molded ABS plastic.
ID-2684	I really love my new mug. I'm using it every day. It was a little treat for myself at holiday time. It's beautiful and perfect for taking with me in the car.
ID-2685	It is exactly what I was needing, and the product was nicer than expected. At this price point I didn't expect much quality. It's stackable and I might add a second tier.
ID-2686	I love this cup!  It's well made and the color is excellent.  Perfect for my coffee in the morning surrounded by all my little owls in the sun room! :)
ID-2687	I bought this piece to put in my dining room and to pull together all the colors of my kitchen and living room and it did just the trick! Love this piece!
ID-2688	Really silky and good feel to it. I have it in a rental and the color hides blood well (hey thats why I buy chocolate). They stand up to heavy washings too.
ID-2689	These are a great purchase for the money. These are quality bags, and I have had my share of bags over the years. I would definitely recommend these. They also look nice.
ID-2690	I've ordered a number of frames from ArtToFrames, both from the manufacturer and from Amazon.  The make a good frame at a good price.  I would order more as needed.
ID-2691	Very fragrant, could smell it through the packaging. Long lasting, too. I used half a wax cube and can clearly still smell the lemon scent 12 hours later. Will definitely buy again.
ID-2692	I  was looking for a soft glow but these are even more yellow than in the photo (I'd assumed it was "enhanced") and are much more artificial than I've seen elsewhere.
ID-2693	This is a really nice slipcover that saved a chair that has good "bones" but aestheticly needed help.thank you Amazon for the great price and fast delivery. It's exactly what we needed.
ID-2694	LOVE THIS SHOE RACK!  After several purchases. .. this one holds up! Tall. Sturdy.  Plenty of room for 50 pairs of shoes. Love. Love. Love it! Buy here! Buy this!
ID-2695	Just received this yesterday and tried the recipe that came with it today. Easy and delicious. Pan cleaned up almost by itself. I highly recommend this product.
ID-2696	This table is gorgeous! Easy to put together and perfect if you have young kids as the edges are rounded! Its easy to clean and easy to get under with a vacuum!
ID-2697	Fun ornament. Very well made with a great attention to detail. Good size too. It is a gift for my brother, who likes quirky ornaments and I'm sure he will love it.
ID-2698	The color is much darker in person. The material is nice and soft, but I wanted something a little lighter yellow to match my room. It's much more of a mustard color
ID-2699	This really works nicely.  Now you can add fresh garlic to lots of dishes in just the right size - like granulated only fresh.  Not too hard to clean either.
ID-2700	I bought for my studio 10x12 building it's works great if my building was a little small this would work awsome. Quiet cools fast I like it I would order another aaa
ID-2701	My 4 yr old grandson was able to do the his on his own. They turn out really nice. Good for a bday present. I've bought about 6 different ones. Very satisfied.
ID-2702	These are great! They are air tight so much so that I would even put liquids in them. Also, they are dishwasher safe even though it didn't state that on the website.
ID-2703	The oil it had on it broke off after a few days.  I just got a new one and it's working great.  I also bought the Tumb
ID-2704	I guess I would give this a 3.5. I will keep my review for the next time. If you want a nice, solid, clear, and attractive
ID-2705	Expensive but not working at all. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the one we bought from Biscuit is a bit small and the plastic
ID-2706	They are OK, they match my old Teflon. I will keep them for the next couple years. If you want a nice, solid, clear, and
ID-2707	This is a very nice little set, and very comfortable for a travel mug. I would recommend.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall
ID-2708	It is great that it has an easy to use instructions.  I also like the fact that the bottom is adjustable.  I am using it for the instruction booklet
ID-2709	Im using these along with some of the other tools in the kitchen.  They are very pretty and look so nice.  I am very happy with the purchase.
ID-2710	covers the mattress OK but it has the design flaw. I will keep my mattress in the store.I bought this for a friend, she loves it!I
ID-2711	Pretty expensive but worth the money. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the one in the picture was the same size as the one in the picture,
ID-2712	nice travel size kettle for the price, the only thing I didn't like is the handle has a small clunky grooves. The handle also takes a little getting
ID-2713	Not super sturdy but I use it everyday.  I've also used it for a few hours.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall
ID-2714	its a nice chair and looks nice too.  I've also used this for a few hours.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall
ID-2715	Works very well. The instruction manual has the instructions on how to use it, but the instructions don't explain how to use it. The instructions are clear, and
ID-2716	Very comfortable to durable mattress.  The only problem is that it's not really comfortable to sleep on.  I had to get a pillow cover out of the box
ID-2717	"Using the furnace dries out, it's time to try something else.

The first one we bought from Biscuit was a solid stainless steel box."
ID-2718	These are the only hangers that will work with the stovetop.  These hangers are just the right size for the dishwasher, and they're the perfect
ID-2719	"Cheap. Top broke within a few days and the box is too large.

The only one we have yet to return is the one with the clear plastic"
ID-2720	I love these hangers.  They are easy to clean and I will keep them for the next couple years.  I had to replace a couple of these h
ID-2721	The foldaway part its pretty small. The only reason i did not rate it 5 stars is because i thought it would be a bit smaller.
ID-2722	I previously purchased one of these and it was very comfortable.  I also have a large one.  I am very happy with the quality and the price. 
ID-2723	Large enough to handle larger items. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the best vacuum bags I have ever owned. 
ID-2724	Just as promised. This little guy has the quality and durability of a steel rod. I have one in my bathroom and the other in a closet.
ID-2725	looked great to uniform upholstery and the finish is good.  I have a large one and a small one.  I am very happy with the purchase
ID-2726	Finally we have a sturdy, sturdy, wide wooden stove that is easy to use and does the job.  The blades are nice and solid and the blades are easy
ID-2727	This stand was exactly what I needed and the finish is good.  The only reason I gave it four stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the
ID-2728	"I really love this ladle.  It fills my bowl with one scoop or maybe two.  It's attractive & cleans easily, love it.
This one was a gift and my friend loves it."
ID-2729	I love the weave and weight of this blanket. Some Mexican blankets have a loose weave, but these are a tight. I ordered 3 more for the couch and sitting under the deck.
ID-2730	Works great, grinds pepper like there's no tomorrow, lol, seriously this is a good peppermill for the money spent...not too big and not too small, just the right size for a table setting.
ID-2731	I am soooo glad I had this on our last cruise; I have never had such watered down drinks  I would leave the bar with their glass, and add my own alcohol.
ID-2732	The pillowcases arrived early, which was very much appreciated because the pillow arrived the day before. The pillowcases are very soft and fit the pillow exactly. I am very pleased with this purchase.
ID-2733	These are quite cheap in terms of quality.  You get what you pay for, I know, but even for $6 it could at least look like it wasn't going to leak ASAP.
ID-2734	Beautiful as always. ...do not believe the reviews were they say this is Not the real Swarovski Annual ornament. .because IT IS.  I HAVE COLLECTED THESE SINCE 1992.....WELL PACKAGED AND FAST SHIPPING
ID-2735	"These look really nice for the price.  I would definitely recommend them for someone who is looking for a stand that doesn't take up a lot of room.
Again, great for the price"
ID-2736	holes too big, leaves fall out. Will try wetting the leaves next time and see if that helps, but in general its annoying. For context I'm using davidson's bulk tea which is great.
ID-2737	"The basket is a nice heavyweight stainless steel and seems to be just what I needed. The vegetable peeler also seems to be of nice quality.
The follow - up service was good too."
ID-2738	"Accurate, small for storage, and takes AAA batteries. Extremely happy with this purchase!
Accuweight Digital Multifunction Food Meat Scale with LCD Display Perfect for Baking Kitchen Cooking, 11lb Capacity by 0.1oz, Tempered Glass surface."
ID-2739	What a piece of junk. All drawer fronts were scratched up, particle board is extremely cheap. Took hours to assemble and was impossible to return. Don't waste your time, invest in something better.
ID-2740	This was a little bit smaller than expected, but it works well for insulating both hot or cold food. I wish there were more styles and colors to choose from for my daughters.
ID-2741	I only needed 5 but for the price this was a better deal. The fit in various bottles and work exactly as expected; nice smooth pour without any dripping or popping from bubbles.
ID-2742	this arrived quickly.  packed well.  exactly what i needed @ a great price.  highly recommend.  would buy this item again.  the best steamer insert i have ever bought.
ID-2743	The back can NOT be easily removed like literally any other picture frame on the planet. Be prepared to work and I hope you want to keep those pictures in there for awhile.
ID-2744	I have 4 of these in the Natural color. I use them as drawers on my record player holder. They hold a lot for their size! And the Natural color matches any furniture.
ID-2745	"Delivered June 26th, 2015. Stopped working August 23 2015.

Two months and amazon will not take it back.

Update: Took it to service center and received new one from Black and Decker within two weeks."
ID-2746	Good quality and print is nice.  On the thin side as far as throws go, but it's just what we wanted...a thinner layer for summer.  Plus, perfect for Star Wars fans!
ID-2747	I know it's ridiculous to love a butter dish - but I can't help it. I love this butter dish. Keeps our butter so fresh and neat. It's the small things in life.
ID-2748	Arrived in perfect condition. This pan is great..  a nice weight, not at all flimsy like some of the pans I've had in the past.  Can't wait to start using it!
ID-2749	n my opinion, the image is deceiving. To me, the image looks tapered, which is why I purchased this one over others. It is not tapered it is the basic Mason Jar shape.
ID-2750	Quick shipping.  So far it does a great job.  Is does make some noise, as most of them do, but is quieter than most.  Easy to clean, empty and operate.
ID-2751	I love that I now have 2 8 inch pans to bake 2 layer cakes, it helps a lot and I like that it's not a flimsy material that would get dented fast
ID-2752	Love the skillet but so disappointed. I've been waiting for this to arrive and it has a big gash right out of the box! Now have to endure the returning and replacing hassle.
ID-2753	The fiters are good for keeping things nice and dry. I also love that the dimensions are just the right size.  The plastic parts are also very easy to clean
ID-2754	WOW! Very large bag. I use it as a travel bag for my travel bags. I have one in my bathroom and the other in my office.
ID-2755	I love this case.  It has the wide opening for two full cup cups of coffee.  It is so small that it is difficult to lift out the cup if
ID-2756	I received this as a gift.  It is a good quality and looks great in my kitchen.I bought this for a friend, she loves it!  It's
ID-2757	I like the thickness of the containers, the long handle is a nice touch, the handle fits in a small cup, and the lid is very easy to put on.
ID-2758	The blister package is not what I expected. The item arrived on time, packaged well, and is well packaged. I am very happy with the purchase.
ID-2759	Bought 2 one for each of my sons.  We've had them for 2 weeks and they are holding up fine.  I am very happy with the purchase.
ID-2760	I hope these pumps last!  I love the look and feel of these pump, I have them in my bathroom and the dishwasher, they are very easy to clean
ID-2761	love this product i use it to make an ice cream cone.  It is very strong and sturdy.  I love the fact that it can be used as a cover
ID-2762	This curtain is so cute!  It is a very comfortable curtain and I love that the curtain has a closed tab.  The curtain is a bit small, but it
ID-2763	Have used it twice, was happy with the quality and durability of it.Nice, sturdy, and functional.  Great for the price.  Not too big or too
ID-2764	Quickly became the favorite blanket for me and the only one I didn't need. I was just starting to get tired of the bedding.  The blanket was a
ID-2765	This frother is very nice and has the design of a good cold cup of tea. It has a nice round top that is nice for both the cup and the tea
ID-2766	It worked wonderfully, and it has kept the ice cold for a long time. I would recommend.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman
ID-2767	Much nicer looking than the old ones, but the instructions are a little misleading. I was just using them for the bed and I am not sure how the instruction booklet would
ID-2768	The bristles are too flexible, and the suction cups are too short. The handle has a suction cup that is too long.
ID-2769	These are okay for the price. The only problem is that they are small, and the one we bought from Biscuit for our office area is the plastic one.
ID-2770	These urns are very large.  They are very well made.  I also like the fact that they do not have the dishwasher, which is nice,
ID-2771	I love this popcorn maker.  I love the popcorn popping feature.  I have a large one.  I have had it for a few months and have used it
ID-2772	The zipper broke after one use. The only way to fix it is to just throw the zipper in the trash.  The plastic parts are also very cheap plastic, so
ID-2773	I love this set. The colors are vibrant and the instructions are clear. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the
ID-2774	These were way lighter-weight than I thought, but they are still a nice size for the price.Great product. Great price! I am very happy with the purchase
ID-2775	Just what I needed to go with the wide wooden legs for my travel bags. I was just looking for a solution that would fit most bags and then have a tight fitting
ID-2776	I am making sauerkraut with this. The only problem is that it takes a little getting used to.I bought this for a friend, and she is
ID-2777	This glass product is clear glass.  You can see inside so you know what you left inside the last time you used it.  It works good, the lid keeps the flies out.
ID-2778	I set these up in bedroom and they are a  light color but opaque so they still provide darkening quite.  I have not washed them yet so that remains to be seen.
ID-2779	Omigosh, these are simply stunning and clearly well made. Arrived in a box within a box, canvas is perfectly taut and the coloring is really beautiful. They are a wonderful compliment to my bathroom.
ID-2780	This is the best peeler I've ever had.  Not perfect, but really good.  The blade doesn't always return to the flat position when I'm  peeling something, but it's comfortable and sharp.
ID-2781	Hard to drink out of, since the structure "collapses" when you grip the "glass". The silicone is not firm enough so you have to get used to the glass to not spill the wine.
ID-2782	The statue is nice but had a flaw in it. Probable they don't check them when China sends them to the US because we take anything from China. Like Mattel and the poison toys.
ID-2783	This is a good buy for the money.  Not the top of the line but just under it.  I would recommend these to anyone.  Definitely a good buy and fits perfectly.
ID-2784	Works good.  I would clean it as soon as you get finished juicing.  I would also run the pulp through it an additional time to get all the juice out of it.
ID-2785	Purchased two of these in different sizes. All clad makes great quality stainless steel cooking and bakeware and these are no exception. Heavy and durable, I expect it to last my lifetime or longer.
ID-2786	This is about the coolest alarm I have ever had. My sons hearing impaired girlfriend has one and after looking at it I really wanted one as well. I don't sleep through this one!!
ID-2787	Nice well-made frame. It's nothing special, but was what I needed. It looks sleek and nice with a colorful print in it. It's not high end wood, but still nice and glass not plastic.
ID-2788	The lids are more grey than bright white and the glass has several inclusions but I like the price. If they do not last, then I will provide an update and remove some stars.
ID-2789	I have not used this yet but I like the quality of the item, I purchased it to keep shrimp chilled in during our card parties and do not think I will be disappointed.
ID-2790	They got to us quick and free of damage and beautiful. They make an artistic splash of red in her kitchen and work well too. No leaking from either stoppers. Very ergonomic as well.
ID-2791	"Hi all,

This is a good item. It does what it is supposed to do. I use it for working out sessions and it has multiple options for beeping and vibrating. It works quite well."
ID-2792	Why dirty a storage dish when you can just put some suction on your leftovers?  These are really a clever invention.  It worked the first time and every time.  Too cool.
ID-2793	"Beautiful. They look like much more expensive cabinets.

Want to add that this cabinet is large enough to keep many things out of sight and small enough to add to the spaciousness of the room."
ID-2794	This set came with cushioned dividers to go between each plate and was much more than I thought.  Especially for the price.  I would highly recommend this for storing your china safely.
ID-2795	Always wanted to take guesswork out of cooking and this thermometer does that job!  Easy to  use.  Used it on fish with great results.  No more overcooked fish for us!
ID-2796	Very soft and warm.  Washed up beautifully; hardly any lint in the dryer filter. Nice size - not too big but not too small.  Liked so much that I bought two more.
ID-2797	perfect design. I redid my bathroom and have these on a shelf. I have 12 of them. Would be perfect for the pantry as well. Highly recommend if you are looking to get organized
ID-2798	Kept coffee warm for hours. fits car cup holder nicely. DID NOT fit under the Keurig brewer.:(  I just brew into another cup and pour into the travel mug. I would buy again.
ID-2799	I saw this at Sur La Table for $25.00 over the weekend and fell in love.  Amazon has the best prices for the exact same item.  Works well and so much fun.
ID-2800	Le Creuset - what can I say - You get what you pay for!  I love all of my pieces and understand the price.  Buy one piece and you will want more.
ID-2801	I found both of these to be the best tools in the world.  They are strong and sturdy.  I had to replace a couple of the plastic ones, so it
ID-2802	Great for quick touch up and cleanup.  It is a little heavy for my small kitchen and doesn't move as easily.  The attachments are small, but not too big
ID-2803	I was going to buy another set, but the instructions are a little difficult to read.  The instructions are not very clear.  There is no way to figure out what
ID-2804	Bought this for mozzarella....after deep frying it and the crust is thick enough to make cheese. I just cooked a 6 inch slice of cheese, and it is
ID-2805	We bought this once already. It is the best. It fits my 2x2 cup. The top is a nice, solid piece of wood.
ID-2806	Love this blanket, wish I had bought it years ago. I will keep it for a long time.I bought this for a friend, she loves it!I bought this
ID-2807	these are great! I used this to make an ice cream cone and it worked just fine!  I highly recommend!  The plastic parts are very sturdy, and the holes
ID-2808	"I wrote a review and here it is:

I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.  The product was packaged in a"
ID-2809	Great quality, sturdy material and looks great in the kitchen. I will keep my shelves in the store.I bought this for a friend, she loves it!I bought this
ID-2810	"I like the product, but it takes a long time to set up.

The only downside is that it's very hard to get a good grip on the handle."
ID-2811	"Works well on rugs, less than an inch wide and comfortable.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the"
ID-2812	These are amazing! I absolutely love these and they look just like the picture! They are a great size for two adults and a toddler, both of whom have a couple of
ID-2813	Just got these as we go to the beach and they are perfect.  They are a bit larger than I expected but they are a solid size and the plastic is sturdy.
ID-2814	Does not sit horizontal. The spout is wide and narrow. The opener is strong and sturdy. The dishwasher is easy to clean.
ID-2815	Really like them.  I use them as a long-term storage container for my small bags of coffee.  I had to replace a couple of the plastic ones, so
ID-2816	This is very basic and easy to assemble.  The two screws are also very sturdy and the clips are so small that it's difficult to attach the clip to the wall.
ID-2817	I love these cups, they are a little wide, but I will keep them for the next cup.I bought this for a friend, she loves it!  It's
ID-2818	Great apple peeler!  I use it for the peeler I use to make my apple pies and the other two peeler's I use for apples and the peeler
ID-2819	Bought 2 twin sets for my daughter and she loves them.  She also loves the size and the color.  I've had a couple of these for a couple of
ID-2820	This is no joke...The. Best. Dishwasher safe. Perfect for the cold weather!This is a pretty good size and it is a nice, solid piece of furniture
ID-2821	"This replaced the clutch in my old electric car, which was a lot more difficult to move around.

I had to replace the crank with the new one, which is"
ID-2822	Love this thing. Wanted to use it as a long-term storage container for my small vacuum, but it's too heavy and I don't want to have to use the
ID-2823	Its kinda flimsy and it doesn't really hold the weight of the cup properly. I'm not sure how well it holds up to a full load of coffee or if the
ID-2824	These are the handiest hangers for drying undergarments. I absolutely LOVE them. They take up very little room and can be hung anywhere. I'm going to buy several more sets to give to my daughters.
ID-2825	This is so great! It's tall and pretty big though so beware, and make sure to measure before you buy it! I definitely recommend for anyone who needs somewhere to dry those hand washed dishes.
ID-2826	AWESOME, awesome, awesome! We use it in our entry way to hang keys and it's sturdy and has tons of character. Always puts a smile on people's faces when they see it.
ID-2827	I love the material. Its so soft and the color is just as the picture . of coarse my husband didn't like it but its really cool and it works great with out room decor!
ID-2828	The paper towel holder I received is exactly as advertised. Nothing wrong. Has a little bit of weight to it that keeps it from spinning around the counter when you pull off a paper towel.
ID-2829	Love this! I have it in my motor home. We travel extensively and I am on a No Bottled Water kick. It is perfect to make sure we have good drinking water wherever we go.
ID-2830	Pretty but not functional. Fabric is too light and it doesn't stay in place whatsoever no matter how often you adjust it. Give it 3-stars due to the description being accurate and loving the color
ID-2831	I had one a long time ago and loved it, I was thrilled to find it again.  I even bought one for a friend for a Christmas Present.  It does pasta really well.
ID-2832	I love the smell of it.  It helps me to relax in a deeper level and calms me down.  I like to light one up in the office when I am stressed out.
ID-2833	This was easy to assemble. Instructions were clear. The parts were in great condition and nothing was damaged. It looks awesome once it's all set up and it's a great place for all your makeup.
ID-2834	Very nice sheets.  They wrinkle but I have no problem with my sheets being wrinkled.  Nice and cool in the summer.  Fit was very good ... almost oversized for my regular mattress.
ID-2835	I bought this to cook brown rice...It takes a LONG time to cook! It also takes up a LOT of space on my counter.  Not sure I'll use it all that much for fact.
ID-2836	I use my Blendtec at least once a day. I make my own smoothies, soups and hummus that is cheaper and healthier than what I can buy. I wish I had gotten one years ago!!!
ID-2837	The handle has a little cushion to it and the grating blades are so sharp it works so well, I threw my old one out (different company) it had gotten so dull over the years!
ID-2838	Love everything about these protectors. They are cushy enough to keep my bakeware separated but I can still stack them. I use them in all shapes of glass bakeware, also as pot and pan deviders
ID-2839	These are great Yeti knockoffs at a fraction of the price! Bonus two lids and two straws! This is my new go to gift! I order monogramed initials and put them on......voila.......the recipients love 'em
ID-2840	This is wonderful.  Heat from the bottom while sleeping is a more restful night's sleep.  I have arthritis and wake up stiff, not with this new heated mattress pad. We are very pleased.
ID-2841	Product is no good. Only works 1 time out of 6 uses. Don't buy! It's a piece of crap. Not even going to give it away; throwing it in the trash. I waste of money!
ID-2842	Good bottle for water and other drinks. Plastic is ruining our society and now is time for us to stop buying food and items that will kill us and take a future from our kids.
ID-2843	Love, love, love this coffee maker. Just as described.  Attractive on my counter top, best of all the coffee stays hot without tasting "burned" for at least two hours.  Easy, easy to clean.
ID-2844	I love this tool for a quick way to put some juliene carrots, jicama and zuchinni in my salads. When this blade gets too dull to do the job, I will most certainly buy another.
ID-2845	Love how this projector shines the time and outside temperature alternately. Very handy while making a trip to the bathroom in the night! We aim ours at the wall by the door to the bathroom.
ID-2846	Got this for the guest room in my son's house, since I am the guest usually.  Perfect for me.  Inexpensive and can see the time any time I wake up without my glasses.
ID-2847	What a surprise!  These are a great quality and they fit perfectly on my table!  They are a great size and the seams are solid and clear!  I'm sure
ID-2848	The scrubber does a good job of cleaning the area. I also love that it doesn't have to be so small. The plastic parts are also very easy to clean.
ID-2849	Large enough to hold a few containers, but not too big to fit my large kitchen sink. Great product. Great price. I am very happy with the purchase.
ID-2850	its great for shoes and shirts. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom on top. The plastic part is also hard to put on the outside.
ID-2851	"This mixer is amazing. There are a lot of tools you need to use for a variety of things.

I had to replace a couple of the basic mixer tools in the"
ID-2852	"It holds all my farberwear and has the quality to it.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that it's a bit small but the plastic is sturdy"
ID-2853	Love having this instead of a standard suction cup. I will keep my old one!Great. I bought this for a friend, and she loves it.
ID-2854	"It's a funnel. It's wide, and it's wide enough to fit a lot of cheese. It has a nice round shape, and the design is very clear.
"
ID-2855	"These saved me from buying another set and shipping them back.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the cover is very"
ID-2856	This was supposed to fit a standard 3" long mattress but it's too small for a 4" long mattress.  The bed is too firm and the pillow is too short.
ID-2857	Perfect size for average canned vegetables. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom on top. The plastic part is also hard to put on the sides.
ID-2858	Used for moving kitchen ware.  Works well.  Easy to clean.  Clean up is easy.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman.
ID-2859	"Very easy to use. Quickly put it together. Great quality.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the cover"
ID-2860	The poster is made with a matte black paint finish. It looks nice and is well made. The poster is not very bright or bright. The poster is very attractive.
ID-2861	A well made pillow cover.  I love the look and feel of this pillow.  I ordered the pillow cover in the box.  I also ordered the pillow cover in a
ID-2862	Lol, its a cute gift.  I love the look.  My husband likes it too.  It is so cute.  I am going to get another one for
ID-2863	No more random coffee mugs.  The quality is just what I wanted.  I am just glad I bought this.  I am a firm believer that if you don't
ID-2864	I had to buy the second set, as the third set did not fit my needs.  The other two have the same design, but they have the plastic "glass" on
ID-2865	Easy assembly. Nice and easy to assemble. Easy to clean. Clean up is easy. I bought this for a friend, and she loves it.
ID-2866	I LOVE THIS LITTLE GUY!!!!  I LOVE IT!!!!  I will keep my beautiful yellow and purple.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very
ID-2867	This is the best pop-up pizza pan I've ever owned.  It's been one of my favorite things to bake.  I also bought the Tumbler, which
ID-2868	I waited about 2 years before I received the box. I did not notice any problems with the box.  I had to replace the box with another box and it was a very
ID-2869	I instantly fell in love with this item. It is thick and sturdy, and the handle fits perfectly. The top is a nice, solid piece of wood, and the handle is
ID-2870	It does not get hot! I love the way that this feels, and co-sleeping with a new baby there are lots of accidents. My brand new Tuft& Needle mattress is still spottless thanks to this purchase!
ID-2871	This is great!  My hubby can have a little bit of the nerd in him in the kitchen without me going crazy.  It's a fun little decor that doesn't take up too much room.
ID-2872	These hangers are heavy duty and I have a closet full of them. I could not find these hangers in the stores so on line shopping was the best value. I will order more when needed.
ID-2873	This is a nice hallway rug.  We use it together with the "Rug Stop Non-Slip Indoor Rug Pad, Size: 2' x 8' Rug Pad" and it has stayed put on our laminate floor very nicely.
ID-2874	Cooks pasta just fine. Could do the same with any bowl! What I didn't like was there is a 1/2" ridge in the bottom and the pasta sticks in there bad and hard to get out!
ID-2875	I had one of these exact covers a few years back in a plum color and I absolutely loved it so when I updated my bedding I new I had to have another one of these!
ID-2876	Very cheap. The food gets stuck in the blade. You have to take it apart, get the food out, then try to chop again. Who wants to cut up good before they chop it? Doesn't work.
ID-2877	Beautiful!!! I purchased the silver, and I love it! Excellent quality & price. I washed in the gentle cycle, and the dryer on low heat, to get the wrinkles out. Worked like a charm! 5+ Stars!!!
ID-2878	Great looking and pretty but has a bad smell  to it.  I washed it all but something they put on it just stinks. Other than  the smell.  I like it a lot.
ID-2879	I love it.  This one has an extra step, three instead of two with my other one.  All parts fit securely, so it's not easy to figure out if you don't know the procedure.
ID-2880	The stool looks good and is sturdy but the cushion is super thin.  Sitting on the stool becomes a bit uncomfortable after a while.  The company should definitely add more cushion to the stool.
ID-2881	My Granddaughter is a big One Direction fan and she loved the comforter and sheet set.  Put them on her bed on Christmas day and her mom is having trouble getting them off to wash.
ID-2882	So easy to put together!  It's sturdy and it is high enough that it leaves plenty of storage spece below the bed.  I highly recommend this base to go with a memory foam mattress.
ID-2883	Great for carpet stairs, though not as great for wood stairs. Tends to scratch them a bit with the plastic casing for the brush. Extremely happy though how it picks up dog hair so easily :).
ID-2884	"A wanted  Christmas gift for daughter and we filled it with waxed paper ,""gold"" foil , and more.  It was a conversation piece , as a gift -- being filled.
She was pleased with this."
ID-2885	This is exactly what I was looking for to keep everything organized. If your a person that has a ton of make up you might need 2 but for me it was just the right size.
ID-2886	This handy gadget works really well for filling plastic storage bags, even with soup.  They also worked great for drying my rubber gloves.  The folding feature is really nice for storage of the tool.
ID-2887	I really like these. Rounded stick that isn't too heavy and is very easy to handle. Comes in two sleeve punches that are nice to have, too. Cleans easy in the dishwasher. Glad I bought them.
ID-2888	Ordered these for our pumpkin party.  We put them in the pumpkins after the kids carved them.  Worked great!!! The price was good too!  Will be looking g for these again next year!
ID-2889	I purchased these to make chocolates for my son's most recent birthday party. These molds are well made and it is very easy to get candy out of them once it sets. They wash up nicely.
ID-2890	OMG, if you are prone to back spasms, DON'T use this!! I was bed ridden for three days on pain killers, muscle relaxers and anti-inflammatories after waking up from just one night of sleeping with this!
ID-2891	This. is very easy to assemble , and the space can be adjusted. Just enough for 3 boots. Hoping you have  boots organizer that can accommodate  more pairs. Make the shoes stays in shape.
ID-2892	Absolutely love this fabric steamer. It acts like a commercial steamer in that it's very lightweight, easy to use and gets the job done. I would recommend this product to anyone who is tired of ironing.
ID-2893	I pour in a pound of ice and let it cool for a few minutes. I make the extra cup and it stays cool for a few hours. The plastic lid keeps it closed and
ID-2894	Perfect! No more plastic that looks cheap and worthless.Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and functional.  Great for the price.  Not too big or too small. 
ID-2895	So soft and beautiful! I use it as a nightstand for my bed, and I love how it is so small. The bed is a bit small, but it does take up
ID-2896	This is a fun little tool. The only problem is that it takes a little getting used to. It's not very sharp. The attachments are small, but not too big.
ID-2897	These are coated which I find to be a very good quality.  They have a strong edge to them and they are dishwasher safe.  The colors are a nice variation of the
ID-2898	"Not what I expected, smaller than expected, but very comfortable.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the cover is very"
ID-2899	Looks great, does exactly what it should and the finish is good. I have a large one and a small one. I am very happy with the purchase.
ID-2900	I loved this. LOVE IT. We have had it for a few months now and it's been great.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman.
ID-2901	This is the best incense burner I have ever used. I use it for my small wine collection. I bought this for a friend, and she is a big fan.
ID-2902	Parchment paper for cooking cookies, cookies, and cakes.  I also love that it's removable and can be removed.  The plastic is solid and is easy to clean. 
ID-2903	Works really well. I use it to make an ice cream for my husband who loves to make ice cream.  I had to replace a toothpick with this one, so it is
ID-2904	This is a great table. I love the look and feel of it, and the size and the appearance are great. I am very happy with the purchase.
ID-2905	Looking for curtains that are more than comfortable. These are a nice addition to the bedroom and we will be purchasing more in the future. The colors are great.
ID-2906	"regardless of the size of the containers, the materials are thick enough to hold a variety of foods.

I had to replace a couple of the plastic plastic containers in the trash"
ID-2907	I purchased these so I could have more space on my counter.  These work well and look great.  I had to replace a couple of the plastic ones, so it is not
ID-2908	Angel of Grace is lovely. She is an angel. She is lovely. She has a lovely look. The bed is solid and she is very comfortable.
ID-2909	I absolutely love this silk pillow.  It's comfortable and it's lovely.  I'm very pleased with the quality of the pillow.  The pillow itself is a great quality and
ID-2910	They work and that is what matters.  It is a little noisy but it is a pretty good quality.I had a similar model before and used it a couple of times and it
ID-2911	OMG, so easy to put together. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom on top. The plastic parts are also hard to put together.
ID-2912	I really like the fabric.  I love the feel of the fabric.  It's a nice, soft, soft blanket.  The colors are very vibrant and the fabric is very
ID-2913	This wall art is absolutely beautiful. The pieces look just like the picture, and the colors are gorgeous. The painting is a nice, solid piece of art. It looks great in my
ID-2914	Does not really work as intended. The only way to fix it is to just throw the cup in the sink.  The plastic part needs to be cleaned out before you can get it
ID-2915	Rug is beautiful, however it doesn't really hold the weight of the cup that I would like. It is so small that it's not worth mentioning, but if you don't
ID-2916	I really love these curtains!  They really tied everything together in the living space of my new cabin in the woods.  The material is very soft and hangs nicely.  I would definitely buy again!
ID-2917	The smokes don't fit in the grooves.  It's as if the plastic cooled to much and shrunk when manufacturing.  Had to smash the ciggs to get them to fit instead of them going in effortlessly.
ID-2918	Great product. It's tall enough so utensils don't fall out, Short enough so you can take utensils out if you keep it on the counter with cabinets above and wide enough to hold quite a few utensils.
ID-2919	i love the con-tact brand lite tack light adhesive shelf liner. easy to install and easy to remove with no residue.  The regular contact is difficult to remove and leaves an adhesive mark on the shelf.
ID-2920	This item has one function, and doesn't hold up to that function. The sides of the ball don't close tight enough to prevent little particles of tea getting into your water. Don't buy it, get something else.
ID-2921	This box spring is sturdy and sits high, which I love as I am able to now use under bed storage. Takes a matter of minutes to set up with use of a screwdriver to tighten bolts.
ID-2922	Very pleased with the quality thus far.  I washed and dried it according to instructions with no problems.  Personally, I like the thickness, it's not too fluffy & certainly not thin - just right IMO.
ID-2923	A great size and shape and it is nice to have the tray option.  The yellow is lighter than expected, more of a lemon color, but a nice bright pop of color in the dark basement.
ID-2924	I do a lot of cooking and baking and find that these small bowls help me prep my dishes. I particularly like having the different colours to help remind me of what ingredients are in which bowl.
ID-2925	Totally disappointed in this product. Haven't had a good batch of ice cream yet.  The outside freezes but the inside stay soft. And then when you put it into the freezer it turns into ice crystals
ID-2926	Great quality and have a comfortable grip to hold the cup, keeps drinks cool for a little while, it isn't that insulated where it will stay cool all day long but probably an hour or so anyways.
ID-2927	Although a good price, these smell like rotten fish. Brides - beware. Open at least a week before the wedding and separate your petals. I had to spray mine daily and the smell was still not gone.
ID-2928	I use these in my salon for applying eyelash perms and tints. I love the blue one it's so cute and matches my salon!! Just wish it had an off button. But doesn't die quickly.
ID-2929	It did a pretty good job on my tile and hardwood floors.  Very easy to changes the brushes and fill and empty water containers. It was a little heavier than I thought it would be though.
ID-2930	This is well made and works OK, but the bulb has a tendency to fall off of the stainless baster shaft, especially when it gets wet. Overall, it works well, I just wish the bulb fit better.
ID-2931	This worked awesome for creating "lunch boxes" with the Leftover Thanksgiving dinner! I will admit, I was a little leery with the construction of the lid, but once I have it secured, I haven't had any issues.
ID-2932	Love the print and color of these rugs but they are very very thin. Great accent pieces but the runner is an unusual size and the small area rug is very small.
ID-2933	I didn't even know I needed this bottle opener, and now I'm obsessed. Always conveniently located right on the fridge, but small enough that it's not tacky. Our friends always comment on how handy it is.
ID-2934	Solid build quality, works very well for cooking things like spaghetti. I also use it for random noodle dishes and so on. The locking lid works very well, fits securely and makes draining very easy and effortless.
ID-2935	Nice and sturdy, and the size and shape comes in handy when a 1-cup is too small.  Easy to read markings.  Haven't used the strainer yet, but it may come in handy down the road.
ID-2936	This is a great heater for bedrooms or other small to medium rooms.  Shuts off when it reaches the desired temp.  The listed temp may not be exact, but you can adjust to your comfort.
ID-2937	Please note that this is for the single large 3d skull, not the smaller multiple 3d skull mounds. I use this huge one to make sugar skulls, it is sturdy and great for chocolate and sugar sculpture.
ID-2938	I thought this would be a perfect keep at work filtered water solution yet the space the filter takes up makes this somewhat clunky tumbler's capacity limited to 26 oz and as such need of frequent refilling.
ID-2939	THis would make a beautiful gift. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the best vacuum bags I have ever owned. This vacuum is very powerful
ID-2940	Got tired of using olive oil.  But, these are a nice addition to the kitchen.Great product. Great price. I am very happy with the purchase.This is a great fan
ID-2941	I had one of these for a couple years and it was a nice piece of equipment.  It is so small that it is not worth the extra money.  It is very fragile and
ID-2942	"I don't really think these are an ideal design, but I will admit that I have been using them for a long time and am happy with the results.

This is a large"
ID-2943	"I like this travel mug, it's lightweight and comfortable.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that it's a bit small, but if you're a lot smaller than"
ID-2944	You can NOT find a better set of quality sheets. I will say that I have been using this set for over a year now. I have used the Tootle set and it is
ID-2945	"Just because it's a humble little machine, it's a good purchase.

The only downside is that it's very small. The attachments to get the top to cover it were a"
ID-2946	These are smaller than I expected. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the one in the picture was the same size as the one in the picture, so it is not that
ID-2947	I bought this my daughter and she loves it!Very good quality. Nice, sturdy, and sturdy. Great for the price. Not too big or too small.
ID-2948	Please be aware that it is an open flame, which is a safety hazard for the person who is cooking. If the flame is bright red, then the flame is not a flame.
ID-2949	0.2 increments, not 0.1  (i.e., you can't keep the actual dimensions of the bed).  The bed is also a solid construction, the plastic backing
ID-2950	It never recovered it's temp.!!!  I kept the bottle in the refrigerator and it just died!  I bought two more.  I am so glad I did!  I have
ID-2951	This teapot is adorable. There are a couple of pieces in the teapot that I don't like.  The teapot is a bit small, but it's great
ID-2952	Love this vacuum, bought several more. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the same bed sheets.  The box itself is a bit large,
ID-2953	Nice kit for home bar. I love the look and feel of this set. I ordered the other set at the same time, and they look great.
ID-2954	"Very well constructed, nice zipper, and the quality is good.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the cover is very fl"
ID-2955	Love how it is self explanatory. The only problem is that it doesnt turn on the oven. It is so small that it will be impossible to get the oven to turn on it.
ID-2956	"This does take some practice, but it does the job.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that it's a bit small, but if you're a lot smaller than"
ID-2957	Love this basket! The curlicues are a nice quality and they fit perfectly on my table!Very pretty. I bought this for a friend, and she loves it.
ID-2958	We got this for the weekend and it was very comfortable.  We also have a mattress pad.  The top is a nice, solid feel and the top is a great material. 
ID-2959	Nothing spectacular about these molds.  They are lightweight and comfortable.  I also like the fact that they do not have the dishwasher, which is nice, but not a big deal
ID-2960	We have used a few of these over the years, including from Pampered Chef. They always seem to break.  This one has held up nicely for a few months.  Easy to use and to clean up.
ID-2961	It's cute. It snows when you shake it, and it plays "Let It Snow" when you wind it up. In short, it does what snow globe is supposed to do. Oh and the owl is rather realistic looking.
ID-2962	My tongs went to a church barbecue and ended up in the utensil drawer so I bought these to replace them.  These are much better than the ones in the church drawer!  I really like them.
ID-2963	I got this for my husband who loves to make one egg in the morning without using a huge pan.  This pan has tall sides, which are useful when you (I) overfill it.  Handy little pan.
ID-2964	I love these labels! I especially love the pic of the herb or spice with the name. I wish there was a bigger variety, though. I have a lot of spices and herbs that weren't in the group.
ID-2965	"Flimsy, JUNK, hardly a  Panacea, Not nearly worth the money.
Has the worst assembly instructions I have ever seen,  omitting information as how to sequence the pieces
so as not to require disassemble to position the parts properly."
ID-2966	The serving closure on the top will not lock you will have to tape it down if you carry it, and that's  why I brought this item! I learned this the hard way. Brought two of these:-(
ID-2967	I do a lot of Homebrew. This pot is perfect. Easy to clean, just the right size: big enough for 5 gallon brews but not too large to store. I would recommend this to anyone with similar needs.
ID-2968	Like other reviewers, I thought these were a bit pricey, but they are worth it due to the ease in getting the ice cubes out.  I run mine through the dishwasher - no problems.  Good purchase.
ID-2969	I bought this to go with my new 14" cast iron wok. I love it . It cools down quickly, is light weight but not skimpy, The wooden handle is a must have. Fits the wok very nicely.
ID-2970	I ordered these bags and was sent some cheap Version and knock off. I am terribly disappointed in what they sent me. But of course at this price point it's not worth my time to it send back.
ID-2971	Bought as a gift  for my daughter in law for Christmas. I bought her the nativity set last Christmas and plan on adding to it each year for her. The quality of the pieces is very nice!
ID-2972	Adorable and well worth the $33!  Bought this item to give a girlfriend as a birthday gift and she seemed to like it as much as I did.  Shes lucky I didn't decide to keep it!
ID-2973	Will last until I lose them. These are heavy, heavy duty stainless. You'd have to hit them with a sledge hammer to crush them. I haven't done much with them yet but so far so good. Definitely happy.
ID-2974	This is the perfect fan. My husband hates fans and I am dyeing of heat during the night. I put it right beside me, he can't hear a peep and the air goes directly on me! Awesome buy!
ID-2975	I love Honey Do products!  I love this over the door shoe holder. I have four of them. Perfect way to organize shoes and keep them off the floor of your closet. I can't live without them
ID-2976	Have had them a month and so far they are great!  I think if they had constant wear and tear they might get run down, but we only use them occasionally and they are great for that.
ID-2977	Works fine but a little awkward and took more strength to use than expected. Maybe dough too thick but felt like plastic housing might break, didn't feel sturdy. Will probably buy a more expensive "gun" squeeze type next.
ID-2978	But the base will tend to tip forward unless you securely position it so the fan's motor creates a stable center of gravity. Other than that, this fan delivers a nice blast of air, considering its small size.
ID-2979	These look amazing!!  But  know that cutting them can be difficult.  But the appearance is outstanding and they STICK!!  Have had up over a year & still look great.  Get lots of compliments.
ID-2980	Very sturdy little chair and when they say it holds 300 pounds, they mean it.  The only thing I miss is the back doesn't recline, but I use it as a work chair, not a relaxing chair.
ID-2981	I got this ac for my wife and she loves it.  She also loves the fact that it is so small.  I am using it for the first time in a 4x6 bed
ID-2982	Well built and sturdy. Does what it should.We love this blanket.  It's been one of our favorite blanket covers.  The colors are beautiful, and the material is very soft.
ID-2983	These valances were exactly what I needed and the materials are good.  I have a large collection of valances and the valances look great.  The colors are nice and vibrant and the
ID-2984	awesome covers! the only thing that broke was the wooden part of the holder that holds the cover. we bought two of them and they look great and they have a nice cover too.
ID-2985	It's mind-boggling to see so many of the pieces on these jars.  These jars are so awesome.  I have had them for over a year and have used them twice
ID-2986	"great humidifier. bought one for my wife and she loves it.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic part is very small, and the cover is very fl"
ID-2987	i got this one for my wife and she loves it.  She also loves the fact that it is so small.  I am using it for the first time in a 4x6 bed
ID-2988	Cool, love it because when it's hot the steam stays hot.  I have a large one and a small one.  I am using it for the colder months when it is cold but
ID-2989	Read the reviews and decided to give it a try. I did not need a replacement vacuum, but I wanted one that worked better, and that is the one I received. I used this vacuum
ID-2990	seems ok. not very big, but the design is a good one. Nice, sturdy, and functional. Great for the price. Not too big or too small.
ID-2991	The good thing is it looks nice and the materials are good.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the cover is very flimsy.
ID-2992	This is the best baking pan I have ever used. I will be purchasing more!Very pretty. I bought this for a friend, and she is very happy with it.
ID-2993	I like this candle but it has a tendency to burn out after a few uses. I just use a small amount of water to make a small fire, then use the candle to go to bed
ID-2994	Why we never tried this one. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I just can't get the suction to run smoothly. The suction is so great, it's like
ID-2995	Havent used yet but looks nice. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the same size, which is not the case with this model.
ID-2996	I'm a gear aholic, buy this. The quality is good, it's simple to use and fits my other two B5s. The attachments are small, but the cover is
ID-2997	I BOUGHT THIS FOR OUR FORCES.  We've had it for a couple of weeks and it's still working great.  We also bought the Tumbler to bring
ID-2998	Cannot withstand daily use, even with an electric stove. I will not recommend this product to anyone. I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman.
ID-2999	This was shipped with an adhesive backing and the finish is very smooth.  The dimensions are just right.  The finish is nice and solid and is a nice touch.  I would definitely recommend
ID-3000	I use these in my kitchen. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they do not have the dishwasher feature.  The dishwasher is a great feature and I don
ID-3001	Super sturdy and heavy, the exact dimensions I needed for a bedside table. The 3 drawers open and close effortlessly and hold a considerable amount. The pull out tray slides easily and is perfect for holding the occasional drink.
ID-3002	These are cute & all of mine had good seals.  The only issue I had was all the stickers on the bottom of them when I received them.  Pain to remove those, but I got it done.
ID-3003	This Cookware Set Has Performed Great so Far I've Only Had It for about 2 Weeks But Whatever I Have Cooked Has Slid Right out Of on Cleaning The Only Bad Part Is That These Are Not Dishwasher Safe.
ID-3004	I didn't buy them for the quality. I bought them because my granddaughter wanted to tie dye a set of sheets. I usually like a much higher thread count, but these were great for what I had in mind
ID-3005	"Doesn't take up much room in the drawer and it's easy to take apart to clean. It's got a good edge on it and feels nice in my hand.

Edit: One year later this little wheel is still going strong."
ID-3006	I love this roaster. I use it for everything from roasts to slow cooker. I would have given it 5 stars except after a year the enamel insert got a chip and so far I cannot find a replacement.
ID-3007	Nice glass cup!!! This cup would go well with my new kitchen, and new table~and I like tea in the glass cup because I can see the kind of landscape, goods to the Cup outside the kind of mood.
ID-3008	Notice the wood handle is previously fitted then separated from its own utensil. Align each handle back into its own utensil and pound it in to wedge it. Season the handle several times with wood or mineral oil. Perfect.
ID-3009	What a gorgeous cup in such a gorgeous box. I'm beginning to collect mismatched teacups and this is my newest and favorite. What amazing quality and so pretty. Arrived perfectly safe in Amazon shipping. Very happy with my choice.
ID-3010	"These dough rolling guides are AWESOME. It's great that the set had three sizes. I needed a much thinner dough than I anticipated, so I just used the next size down and rolled again.  They worked great.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND."
ID-3011	Terrific bargain. Exactly the right color shown in pic. The hardest part was removing it from the box. I was able to attach the legs and set it up fairly easy. Sturdy product. Works well on our office/entertainment/spare room.
ID-3012	Although this opener does not separate the top from the sides, it seems to cut quite well without shards of metal in the can. Sometimes it has trouble grabbing the can and it has refused to open a few.
ID-3013	I just  purchased my second Black and Decker iron.  The first one performed well for a couple of hard-working years and I didn't hesitate to purchase the same model again. A good buy and a great iron.
ID-3014	I got these to hang in one of the bathrooms with the litter box to get rid of the litter box odor. Hung both of them in the bathroom but did not get rid of the litter box odor.
ID-3015	Nice material, but isn't all that practical to me. I reverted back to squashing garlic with my knife to peel and manually chopping it. Other times I just use my food processor for bulk garlic and mason jar storage.
ID-3016	It works great and was extremely cheap. It is just the size that I wanted and got here quickly.  Great for corn or any kind of muffin.  Also good for cupcakes.  My daughter likes it too.
ID-3017	Exactly what I wanted.  My old sifter was the squeeze handle type and around 52 years old.  Right now using that type is difficult.  This is compact and works perfectly plus you get the plastic lids.
ID-3018	These were just as described. This is my second set of these. Love using glass as storage as I am working to remove plastic from touching our food. They work well in dishwasher. Great product! Love the sizes too.
ID-3019	For a memory foam/cooling gel pillow less than $100, this one is a quality product. Product is exactly as described, very soft, and keeps very cool. I wish it was not quite so soft, and was a bit firmer.
ID-3020	It was not put together already so we spent a long time attempting to create each tassel which was an extremely tedious process. I do not recommended this product unless you have time to put it together before hand.
ID-3021	"Snuggly and good looking however, it is a very thin piece of plastic that is hard to remove.

I had to replace it with a different one because the cover is very fragile."
ID-3022	I bought this for my daughter who is an avid runner. She loves it!  She has a pair of running shoes and a pair of shoes that fit perfectly in it.
ID-3023	Looks great in my living room. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the best vacuum bags I have ever owned. This vacuum is very powerful and it's
ID-3024	"This salt mill is easy to set up and very comfortable.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the cover is very fragile.

"
ID-3025	I am very pleased with this set and the quality. I will keep my review for future reference.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman. She is very happy with
ID-3026	I love the concept.  We have two dogs and they are all very happy with the product.  We are not using the plastic ones.  The plastic ones are a great size and are easy
ID-3027	The handle is way too small for the wide handle. I will keep my thumb in the center.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall person. She has a lot of
ID-3028	The pepper prepper works great.  I love the taste.  My husband likes it too.  It is so easy to use.  Easy to clean.  I'm a very large fan
ID-3029	Excellent cooking press.  I've had it for a year and I still love it.  I just wish it had a little more plastic, but that is the only reason I gave it 5 stars
ID-3030	Nice-looking and very easy to use. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to slide the bottom so it's a bit of a pain to get out of the way.
ID-3031	Would have given this five stars. The quality is good but it's not really the best one.I bought this for a friend, she loves it!I bought this to bring some rice to a
ID-3032	"We use these spatulas for a number of reasons, and I will list my favorite ones below.

1.  The spatulas are very sharp, and the first time I used them,"
ID-3033	These are wonderful and are perfect for the summer. I will keep them for the winter and they will be perfect for the summer. I have the Tumbler and it works great.
ID-3034	I guess long term quality control will be an issue. I will keep my expectations in mind. Great product. Great price. I am very happy with the purchase. This is a great fan.
ID-3035	After using these for a few weeks, the only thing I did not like is the way the blades slide down. The plastic part is also very stiff and not flexible at all.
ID-3036	Very soft sheets in lovely colors. The only problem is that it's not really comfortable to sleep on. If you want to get up and down, the pillow is a great choice.
ID-3037	I have a couple of small containers and they are just too large.  They are easier to empty and move around.  I am using this for the first time in a trash can because it is
ID-3038	I wouldn't say this product is an improvement on the previous model, but for the price, it's a great buy. The plastic parts are very sturdy, and the cover is very sturdy.
ID-3039	purchased in April, they are perfect. The only problem is that they are not really the same color.I bought this for a friend, she loves it!  It's great for storing
ID-3040	Bought this for my daughter's room.  She loves it.  She also loves the fact that it is so small.  I am using it for the first time in a very large room
ID-3041	"Quick shipping!

Minus 1 because it doesn't blend ice like a Ninja, but it is awesome none the less.  Once you master your favorite drink or smoothie you will truly appreciate its stainless steel construction. Keeps it chill, real chill."
ID-3042	The quality was so bad it was laughable. The plastic is so flimsy that it won't latch shut without a  gap. Not exactly going to seal in the freshness. Also, the plastic "hinges" look really fragile. I'm returning it.
ID-3043	Got this for my boyfriend for Christmas since he said he needed a pan big enough to cook fish in.  We use it frequently for swai, and it comes pre-seasoned, which is nice as well!  A great product!
ID-3044	Two of the pans worked fine. The 8" pan didn't. I had to put a 6"x6"by 1/8" steel plate under it to get it to work. The non-stick coating works as expected. For the price it is what it is.
ID-3045	I'd give it 5 stars, but it doesn't come with a 1/2 Tablespoon measure, which would be very helpful.  Since there's 3 teaspoons in a tablespoon, you have to use 2 different spoons to get a 1/2 Tbsp measure.
ID-3046	Usable but not as good as a namebrand one I've use.  The vacuum seal part is a little silly with having to turn clockwise and counter clockwise.  But ok - you pay for what you get is true.
ID-3047	While some people feel its necessary to write a novel I will keep this short and sweet.  This is a very good turkey injector. Well made and an extremely good value. It does exactly what I purchased it for
ID-3048	"Works great! Once we changed out the filter the hand vac works so much better. I didn't want to purchase a whole
New vac and thanks to this I didn't have to. You will definitely notice a big difference in performance!"
ID-3049	Does what it says.  Seems well made and durable  Not some cheap, flimsy piece of plastic crap from China, though it may be from China, who knows.  Bottom line is its well made, you can just tell.
ID-3050	I drink a lot of cocktails and like to have the drink chilled. If you freeze the glass it has a large glass base that helps with keeping the cocktail chilled. The price is a bit high but it works.
ID-3051	It's alright.  The hair catcher doesn't stay put when washing hair in the sink, but this is just my situation.  This may work well for others.  The item is well made, with small "teeth" to catch hairs.
ID-3052	I gave this as a gift to someone who likes turtles and LOVES cooking. She tells me they are perfect and really cute. So that works for me too! Actually they look even better in person than in the picture.
ID-3053	Perfect size for my 2 year old to drink fresh smoothies & juices. Quality stuff - made in Italy,  lead-free and plastic-free. The lids are starting to rust after a year, but maybe the rust could be cleaned off.
ID-3054	"These are really good trouser hangers.  And, the price was good for the 4-pack.  Definitely would get more
if needed.  I hang the pants at the bottom of the leg section and they hold them nicely and wrinkle-free."
ID-3055	We just redid our closets, so I wanted to be 'SUPER" organized. And these "Dream Drawer Organizer" fit the bill. Easy to use/install since they're spring-loaded. Just make sure you are aware of the "length" and "height" that you need.
ID-3056	Sturdy hammer, great price. Projections of tenderizing face are rather shallow; may not penetrate meat enough to do the job. Handle is not as comfortable as I had hoped. I may wish to exchange the item for a different design.
ID-3057	I am very disappointed with this product.  The cheese slicer broke at the base of the handle in less than 6 months.  i used this product to  slice colby cheese  five to six times a week.
ID-3058	I absolutely love this Dutch Oven!  Already made several dishes using it.  A friend of mine had it and loved it, so I got one for myself.  Highly recommended if you love cooking stews, sauce, chili, etc.
ID-3059	Arrived fast and fits great. Thick tablecloth and washes well, i even throw in dryer and no need to iron. A cup of water was spilled on top of tablecloth and it did it soak through to my wood table!
ID-3060	"Great simple desk! Super easy to assemble. Packaged really well, arrive way quicker than expected (two days, max).
I took away one star because you don't get to use all of the drawer, it doesn't pull out all of the way."
ID-3061	This was very easy to put together and the materials are good. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the holes are very large.
ID-3062	The pitcher started leaking after a couple of weeks, which is a nice bonus. I'm not sure how well it will hold up, but it is still a nice pitcher. I would definitely recommend it.
ID-3063	Bought this pattern for my daughter's wedding. It is a little more expensive than the other one.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman. She is very happy with
ID-3064	Received early ahead of schedule, and it arrived with a very good seal.  The dimensions were exactly what I was looking for.  The attachments are very easy to use.  I would definitely recommend
ID-3065	Have used this type of vacuum for the last 10 years. I have a small vacuum and this is a great one. The attachments are small, but the vacuum is very reliable.
ID-3066	Perfect for their intended purpose: keeping an open space on a shelf.  This is a great product.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman. She is very happy with
ID-3067	I am having fun exploring this set and am very pleased with it. The colors are just as shown and the packaging is very nice. The ring is a nice addition to any decor.
ID-3068	"This Stainless Steel Spoon Rest (Cordless)

Weighs just under 1/4 pound and we love it. The attachments are very easy to use and it is easy to clean."
ID-3069	Works perfectly with my FoodSaver. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of burlap sacks, which is what the plastic bags are made of.
ID-3070	"While it will hold your coffee, you can't beat the price.

The only downside is that it's very small. The bottom shelf is a little tight so it won't slide down.
"
ID-3071	Great price. So easy to use. The only problem is that it takes a little getting used to.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman. She is very skinny and
ID-3072	These are really wonderful.  They have the design and feel of a real cupcake.  They are a great size and the design is solid and clear.  I'm sure I will be buying more
ID-3073	This is not tall enough for me, but it is good enough for my 2 year old and we have two small dogs. I am considering getting another for her, so it is not that big of a
ID-3074	These are just as described. They are lightweight and comfortable. I also like the fact that they do not have the dishwasher, which is nice, but not a big deal.
ID-3075	Everyone said this was a nice set, but the instructions are a little difficult to read.  The instructions are not very clear.  There is no way to figure out what is going on with the blades
ID-3076	Love it, we have a small house and the stove is too hot. This is a great one.I bought this for a friend, she loves it!I bought this for my daughter's room.
ID-3077	I purchased this to replace a destroyed part of the stove I had.  It's been one of my favorite things to use.  I also bought the Tumbler to get it to go over my
ID-3078	This item is a total waste of money.  Not worth it.  I would order from another manufacturer.I had a similar model before and used the Tumbler for years. It worked well and
ID-3079	The image on the hallmark of this item is very close to the original, but the design has been removed so that the box is not visible. The box itself is a great size and is very well made
ID-3080	This is a very low napped rug. I thought it was gray and white but it looks more like gray and cream. I have it in a high traffic area and its easy to keep clean. Im very happy with this.
ID-3081	Awful soap dispenser. I would give it no stars if I could. The bottom is screwed on. Plus it leaked from both the bottom and the top where the seam is. I had to throw it away. Complete waste of money.
ID-3082	Was so disappointed this is so small not worth the money then there was a metal rod in the box I guess to add weight. I will not buy from this seller again it was an embarrassing gift for my daughter
ID-3083	We bought this board for pre-photo prep for a collection of 4-6" dolls. This board is useful for a tabletop, counter, or other work surface. Well padded and narrow end allows us to get to tiny costume areas.
ID-3084	This is cute, the sugar packets are much thinner than this is so I just loaded it up with tea bags and set it next to my kureg. The color is solid black and it has a good weight to it.
ID-3085	It's still in the box because I am saving it for a special time to give to my husband. He loves smiley faces so will probably give it to him for Valentines. I really like it so I know he will!
ID-3086	Baked items release so easily from this pan.  Ordered two.  Clean up was a breeze.  Cannot ask for more.  Now even my packaged cakes rise higher since using 8 inch pan instead of 9 or 10 inch.
ID-3087	I love this thing! Not owning a microwave means I needed an easy way to heat milk that's easy to pour without a mess (unlike a saucepan, I'm clumsy). Along with my Aeropress and my frothing wand, it's cappuccinos every morning!
ID-3088	This is a heavy duty, clear shower curtain liner, which I like very much.  One can see through it as clear as looking through a window, and its heavy duty construction ensures that it will last for years and years.
ID-3089	Bought this bag to take on our two week cruise. Seems to be well made and sturdy and I can just throw it in the bottom of the suitcase and it's there to do self service laundry while on the ship.
ID-3090	We looked everywhere in stores for a product like this with no luck.  Thankfully we found it online. It is precisely what we needed to give some more hanging space in the closet. The product is durable and priced reasonably.
ID-3091	Amazing frame! I purchased a 20x30 frame and was worried about what I would get, but it is solidly built and beautiful.  And it came with the proper hardware to hang it, not just a tiny sawtooth piece of junk.
ID-3092	The quality for the metal branches is not that great, the edges are sharp too. They are mediocre, got them for my formal dining room, but will use them for casual dining instead. The pics look better than the actual product.
ID-3093	Good sturdy rug suitable for use in a beach house or where there is heavy traffic & dirt. It has a natural rustic appeal & can be cleaned by being shaken out. It works very well in my heavily used hallway.
ID-3094	These are *much* smaller than I expected, but they also come with their own little stand to hold the sticks while they burn.  I'll say that breaks even and give them 5 stars, because they smell great (not too overpowering).
ID-3095	It doesn't stay in place well. After a number of hot water experiences it still does not lie flat. The suction cups don't work well in our jacuzzi because the floor is not smooth. It is still nice to lay on.
ID-3096	Love it.  It's sturdy and spins well despite a lot of weight on it.  I placed several large glass jars containing dry goods and it makes it a snap to get what I want in my deep kitchen cabinet.
ID-3097	Fantastic product.  A lot of complaints about wrinkles, but I have never opened a fabric item package and have it come out looking ironed.  You will have to iron creases.  Very good quality.  I would buy again.
ID-3098	These pillow covers are very durable! The only complaint is that the pillow on the right is much more faded than the pillow on the left. I would much rather they were both the same- either both faded or both bold.
ID-3099	We bought this years ago and it is still going strong.  I love it!Very pretty.I bought this for a friend, and she is very pleased with the quality.  The color is beautiful and
ID-3100	The sham fit perfectly. It looks great and the materials are good. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the cover is very flimsy.
ID-3101	I love the fact that it has a wide opening. I also love that it's removable. It is so easy to clean. The attachments are small, but the holes are very large. I have had no
ID-3102	Bought two; on one of them I had an inch in the middle and one in the middle of the bottom. I've had a couple of these, and they are great.
ID-3103	Holy s***, these sheets. I can't go back to the old days of cold sheets that were too warm and we had to have the extra sheets, but they're okay.
ID-3104	Absolutely great items to use, especially for the price.Very good quality.Nice, sturdy, and functional.  Great for the price.  Not too big or too small.  The only thing I would
ID-3105	"Unfortunately, somehow it did not go into the freezer and it was cold.

The only way to get a good slice of the meat is to get the meat out first.  This is a bit difficult"
ID-3106	Just OK. Does its job. I love the look and feel of this pillow. I have one in my bathroom and the other in my office. The pillow is a nice white color and is comfortable.
ID-3107	Excellent quality, and Amazon had a good deal on the item. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the cover is very flimsy.
ID-3108	Light weight, cooking pot good for an entire day, and I will keep my lid on this one.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman. She is very happy with it
ID-3109	These pillow cases were purchased for a friend and she loved them. These were the first one she bought so we had to get a second one for her. She is very pleased with them.
ID-3110	"South Shore furniture look good and have the quality to them.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the bed is a bit small, but it does take up most of the room. "
ID-3111	Great gift idea for a kid. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the bottom on top. The plastic part is also hard to put on the sides.I have had this product for
ID-3112	Excellent wire mesh strainer on the back and the cord is included in the package. I have one in my bathroom and the other in a closet. The cord is not flexible at all and does not stay in
ID-3113	Very easy to put together and assemble, the only thing I did not like is the hinge and the bottom plate. The plastic parts are also very cheap plastic, so it is not worth it.
ID-3114	"I would have given 5 stars if the design was a little better.

The only downside is that the top is a bit of a mess, but if you don't care about that, it is okay"
ID-3115	I have purchased several projection spoons and they work just fine.  These have a strong edge to them and have a nice weight to them.  The plastic is a great material and the color is beautiful.
ID-3116	The entire set up is a mess, the only part I really love is the yellow button that is on the top. The plastic part is also very light and not sturdy. I would definitely buy again. 
ID-3117	This arrived a week earlier than I expected. YAY!!! It's wonderful. It felt like a waterbed the first time I sat  --or rather "sank" into it. But after a while everything worked out. It feels like a soft-medium mattress. Just wonderful.
ID-3118	Just received it last night. Took it out of the packaging and there are some stains on it. Not sure from what. It's for my daughter and she will try it in a week and I'll be able to comment on comfort.
ID-3119	You have to have some dainty little teacups for these things to hold more than 2. The quality is very poor; each hook is a slightly different shape and size than the others. Very unstable on the shelf, too. Waste of money.
ID-3120	Recently bought this knife because its size and shape are comfortable to do many things. The quality is very nice as well. Knowing up front, it was not made in Germany, I am happy with its cost and value. Made in Thailand.
ID-3121	I like it but it's too big for most garbage bags. I have to use an oversized bag for a liner. As in other reviews, it came dented. How can the company keep shipping these without putting them in a decent box?
ID-3122	I've been using these cookie sheets for years. My originals are in great shape but I ordered a couple more for our vacation home. They arrived with a few dents but I don't think this will affect the function of the pans.
ID-3123	I have been using a hand grinder for years, but it had a difficult time cutting through venison sinew.  Then I bought this ... cuts through all the cuts of meat with ease.  Wish I had bought one years ago.
ID-3124	I cannot say enough about this blender. This is my second one (just wanted the updated version due to the extra blade and the more sealed up top) and I use it nearly daily for protein shakes. Convenient, easy clean up.
ID-3125	They appear to be thicker than the other ones i have, they are built solidly, perhaps these are made out of just glass where as the others i have may be made out of crystal? in any case they do work well
ID-3126	"I wanted a silverware tray that was cheap in price, but good in quality.

I put this in my kitchen drawer backward, so the junk compartment is to the front, but the spoons, etc., are still in easy reach.

I'm glad I got it."
ID-3127	great clock. I have used it now for over 5 years without issue.  I use too have to get up every other day at different times, the reason I bought it.  great clock no issues for over 5 years now.
ID-3128	These things are kind of cool but whatever dish you're trying to seal better be dry. They seal pretty well with glass or corelle dishes, not so great with anything metal. Again, make sure your container is dry for forget these things.
ID-3129	Great little bookshelf. All of the holes lined up fine and there was no extra hardware! The rocket and all of the details are actually carved in and painted decently well. There are a few paint blemishes but overall really well done!
ID-3130	works well - do not put near any heat it will warp the mat. accidently got too close to a pan and warped the edge. Most of it smoothed out but there are still some bumps. Still usable so all is good.
ID-3131	This is about half the size of what I expected. From top to bottom it will hang maybe half way down in your closet. To give you an idea of the size each pocket area holds about a half dozen sock pairs.
ID-3132	It really is a beautiful cutting board and my wife could not be happier.  Seems like it's well made which makes me confident it will last for years to come.  A well crafted board at a competitive price; win, win.
ID-3133	Love these sheet !  These are so warm and comfortable to sleep on during our cold Missouri winters .  I recommend washing these with a half a cup of vinegar along with your usual detergent, the vinegar prevents peeling .
ID-3134	It was a snap to install and these fit well in our kids closets, my wife uses these to organize clothes and other stuff.  If the closet is not a walk in and you need more space, these are great items.
ID-3135	Expensive but exactly what I needed. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the best vacuum bags I have ever owned. This vacuum is very powerful and it's a little
ID-3136	My mother in law loved this rug and she loves it too. This rug is a great value. I had to replace a couple of pieces that were not in great shape and that were broken.
ID-3137	Not sure if it's good enough to be an inch longer but it's still a pretty decent cup.I bought this for a friend, she loves it!  It's great for storing rice or pasta. 
ID-3138	I bought these as dessert spoons and they look just like the picture. They are a bit larger than I expected but they are a solid serving size for a couple of drinks.I have had this product for about
ID-3139	I wish the product could be more professional quality.  I will keep my review.Very pretty.I bought this for a friend, and she is very pleased with the quality.  The color is beautiful and the
ID-3140	The only problem with the spout is the spout is a little small, but it fits.I bought this for a friend, and she loves it.  She is very sensitive to it, and it is
ID-3141	One of the best things about this set is the colors.  The red is a bright red.  The blue is a bright blue.  The green is a deep green.  The purple is a light blue
ID-3142	"These peelers fit easily in the hand and are very comfortable.

The peeler is pretty sturdy and seems sturdy enough to hold up to a heavy kitchen counter.

The other two peelers are pretty"
ID-3143	Great affordable hangers cheaper then the ones you buy at Wal-Mart. They are strong and sturdy. Great quality and I am very happy with the purchase. This is a great fan.
ID-3144	Best colander ever.  I use it as a fruit and vegetable smoothie for my kids and they love it.  I've also used it to make the Tofu smoothie and it works great.
ID-3145	These are a great addition to my kitchen.  I've also used them for the fruit and veg recipes.  The plastic ones are also very easy to clean.  I especially like that they are glass.
ID-3146	I got these for my daughter's wedding.  They are a nice size for the size of the wedding cake.  The cake is a bit small, but not too small.  The cake came well packaged and
ID-3147	Nice product. Made of a material that feels good and comfortable. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the cover is very flimsy.
ID-3148	this worked great.  A little bulky, but it worked out great.  I would recommend it.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman. She is very happy with it.
ID-3149	Have no complaints or issues, this is the best measuring cup I have ever had. I have one in my bathroom and the other in my office. The cup is easy to clean and it does not slip.
ID-3150	My 9 years old used this to make an ice cream cone.  It is a nice cup.  The top is a nice, solid piece of plastic.  It is very sturdy and it is well made.
ID-3151	I have always been frustrated with the suction cups. I have used them for a few years now and they have held up well, but they have the tendency to drop a lot. The cups are a little smaller
ID-3152	This is exactly what I wanted. The quality is just what I wanted. The dimensions are just what I wanted.  The bed is solid and is comfortable.  It is very large so it is a little smaller
ID-3153	Made of heavy gauge sturdy wire, but feels really balanced when you are using it.  I bought this because I lost the one we had before.  I like this one so much better, I wish I'd lost the other one sooner.
ID-3154	A great product for those of us who have chickens and don't want to keep using old egg cartons.  Super sturdy so it won't break any time soon and fits 18 eggs, more if you stack them when you're over run ;)
ID-3155	Purchased one of these just over a year ago. Was fine for that period of time and suddenly stopped cooling. Company is no help. Three calls, three referrals to service companies, two of which do not work on Avanti, one out of business.
ID-3156	Works like a charm. You can even put the lid back on the can if you need to. Freaking awesome. I might order more as gifts. If you know anyone that has problem working the manual openers, this would be a perfect gift.
ID-3157	I love this little box, I keep my glasses in it at night.  I have another one with a different pattern that I use to keep my hearing aids in.  It looks better on the night stand than the original holders.
ID-3158	The price/quality ratio is pretty good, but as is, the desk sits too low to be used by an adult. However, if you spend about $8 on table leg extensions (and all day search for the size you need) it's a good product
ID-3159	I love this vacuum sealer!  So much more convenient than my other large vacuum!  I keep it on the cabinet and use it several times a day.  Not as fast as the big one but so much easier to use.
ID-3160	These were exactly what I expected. They look great (clean). I use them to keep my flour/sugar/etc. on the counter for easy access. I haven't noticed any air leaking into the canisters either. They are very light, and they get the job done.
ID-3161	Just got my bread pans today and really like the way they are constructed.  Can't wait to make paleo bread in them because I can pull the sides of the pan out to see if the bread set up before baking it.
ID-3162	"Once you get used to the settings, it makes deliciously, moist meats!!
We seared our meat for just a couple minutes after cooking. It is a great kitchen addition and would highly recommend!
We put the seasoned meats in one sealed bag, veggies in another."
ID-3163	Awesome deal for the price. I light my grill with these all the time. It only takes me a few shavings to get the rest of the fire bundled going. For what I use it for it will last me a long time
ID-3164	This product is perfect for dresses you don't use often.  For  me this means it's in the extra bedroom closet.  The frameless part is a bit odd but I know it won't break, and the plastic is extra heavy duty.
ID-3165	My wife and I have already made multiple batches of gummies with this product. I was afraid the dropper to fill them wasn't going to work, however I was very pleased. After letting them sit up they popped right out and were delicious!
ID-3166	Great glasses; perfect size for lattes.  They keep the drinks really hot without burning your fingers.  I bought two and now I want to buy two more!  A little on the expensive side... but you get what you pay for.
ID-3167	Easy pan to flip Really great nonstick. I would have liked a few more recipes but it seems to be more intuitive than stick to a precise recipe. Just learn a method and change it up according to what you want to use.
ID-3168	Flimsy construction, and warped. I bought 3 and they are all this way. However, in my cabinets with moderate weight, they are functional. Would not buy again but considering these were the cheapest available for this size, I got what I paid for.
ID-3169	this is very different for us as we are used to the glass.  Our problem is that we've been through three glass ones and when I say the stainless, it seemed to be the answer.  We do miss the waterline though.
ID-3170	I put this on a brick wall over my fireplace, next to a painting of a Autumnal forest that is mostly red. Looks great. The clock is silent, keeps perfect time and is easy to read. I really am glad I got it.
ID-3171	EDIT: The seal failed after a couple of years, which is a shame because it's been one of the worst experiences I've had with a vacuum. The plastic part inside is very fragile and it's difficult to clean
ID-3172	Very clever system; the plastic spout is wide enough to fit a lot of cheese, and the lever is so small that it's difficult to lift the spout, so it's not a big deal.
ID-3173	I love these towels, very soft and easy to wash. I also love that they are removable and can be removed.  The only thing I wish is that you could use a towel brush that you already have in the
ID-3174	Again I like the fact that it is wide enough for two adults to fit comfortably in.  It is so small that it is not easy to get around if you are pulling it up.  It is hard to get
ID-3175	Looks great but the glass doesn't stick as well. I will keep my glass in the store. I bought this for a friend, she loves it!I bought this for my daughter's room.
ID-3176	In keeping with my addiction, I have bought several other brands of knives for my kitchen.  These knives are not the best but they are the best knives I have ever owned.  The quality of these knives is amazing
ID-3177	I returned this steamer after hearing it was defective and decided to purchase another one for the same price. I had a similar model before and used it a couple of times and it was still working well.
ID-3178	After receiving the cake tin, I was hoping it would be a nice piece of cake decorating. It's not. The cake itself is beautiful and the design is solid. I love that it came with a few loose
ID-3179	"These things leak. They leak. They don't stay in place. I need a fix.

I read the reviews and I am not going to waste my money on a trash can that doesn't stay in place"
ID-3180	I was worried when I saw this, but it is a great product!  I have one in my bathroom and the other in my office. The plastic is sturdy and it is easy to clean.
ID-3181	"Much better than the weak plastic containers I bought at Wal-Mart.

The only downside is that the top is a bit flexible.  The plastic top is a bit loose and that means it won't fit in"
ID-3182	Very quiet when running on low settings, but it is very noisy when running on high settings.Great product. Great price! I am very happy with the purchase.This is a great fan. It is very quiet.
ID-3183	"I was really disappointed with this set, as it is a bit cheaper than the ones I ordered.

I had a similar set before and they were a bit more expensive, but that is not a complaint.
"
ID-3184	Mom doesn't like this because it has the design flaw. I will admit that it's been a little difficult to get the dishwasher to open since the dishwasher is so small. But that's not a problem with
ID-3185	Cheap. Ripped and torn. If you have the time, you can either buy one of the other one.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman. She has a lot of
ID-3186	I work in hospice/home care and have had no issues with this.  This is a great product.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman. She is very happy with it
ID-3187	This was a replacement pot that had the same problem. I did not need a replacement pot, but I had the old one. The replacement pot is the same, but it is made of plastic. I have not had
ID-3188	Looks good. Affordable price. Easy to assemble and easy to clean. Clean up is pretty quick. Great price. Bought 2 and they work perfectly. This is a great fan.
ID-3189	I bought a protective glove for when I use this because it is really sharp (and scary).  It worked great for slicing the fresh ginger to make candied ginger.  Love the different thickness adjustments.  Small size to store in small kitchen.
ID-3190	The topper fit perfectly and is very comfortable. This is used on a spare bed that had a regular foam topper which got too warm and was uncomfortable. The feather topper provides just enough warmth where I only need one blanket which is perfect.
ID-3191	Choosing the three gallon size was wise, a five gallon bottle was awkward for us oldsters. It holds enough water and is easy to carry with the side handle when full. The bottles seem sturdy although only time will tell how they hold up.
ID-3192	Order this along with my cotton candy machine and it taste great. Creates nice soft cotton candy in seconds using the Great northern cotton candy machine. Just doesnt seem to have as much of a strong flavor as the other type of flossugars do.
ID-3193	Funny gag apron and it turns the girls heads for sure, made a little cheaply and runs small, but it's worth it.  Can't complain, it's the only time I could get my wang touched by women without my wife getting upset!  lol
ID-3194	I read other reviews but bought this anyway. And I am not sorry. I have a smaller tub/shower so the words can be a little hard to read, But everyone I showed it to had no problem reading it and knowing what it was.
ID-3195	"I bought one of these at IKEA for my cube at work. It does an excellent job of reducing the light level and making it easier to read.

The only complaint is that it can be tricky to find the entrance to the pole sleeves."
ID-3196	Beautiful product, I just loved it! Definitely very well done carving job on the Tiger eye and I was really impressed by that!!! I want buy more in the future and give them like a gift for my loved ones. Worth every single penny!!
ID-3197	magnet doesn't have much strength so really cant be used that way,I was going to send it back until I found a way to wedge it into a cupboard and now its a wee bit better,the alarm works well and is easy to use
ID-3198	Fantastic spice rack! I attached 4 of these to the outer side of a kitchen cabinet, and now my spices are easy to find since I can see them all! These are very easy to mount to the cabinets with the adhesive.
ID-3199	i bought these partially for the fact that they're nonstick.  well, after the 3rd time using the middle one, one area in no longer nonstick. so now i need to grease and flour. so , back to the basics.  otherswise, nice pans.
ID-3200	Wow these are sleek and sexy perfectly weighty and have sizes i've never gotten in a set before.  I've never paid quite so much for a set of measuring spoons before but i'm glad i did these are perfection. function and beauty collide.
ID-3201	I actually LOVED it when it worked. Unfortunately it quit after two months of occasional use. I didn't use it every day but probably 10 times in a two month period and then it just quit. It wouldn't do anything at all. Very disappointing.
ID-3202	These logs maybe last about an hour. As soon as you light them up they start breaking down and falling apart. I bought them from Home Depot for $20 which was a complete waste of money. Any other brand will be better, trust me!
ID-3203	really good juicer. We have had to for over a month now and have no problems at all. It does extract a lot of the pulp, so if you don't like that, you might want a different option, but other than that, no complaint!
ID-3204	"I bought one last year for like 5bucks, and somehow a seller is listing it for 99cents so I bought 4!

But then the price went back up, I hate to put shopping bag on the ground, even at home, or in my own car."
ID-3205	Loved the first one i had and now the 2nd one :)  Just wish there was an easier way to clean. No i will not get another removable plate design. Each one i had never heated evenly like this old school GF classic.
ID-3206	I love these TV trays. They look nice and seem built well. I couldn't be happier. I did see other reviews with brown pictures. I did not experience this with mine. I think this was a good buy and I would buy it again.
ID-3207	I have had this teacup for a couple of weeks and I really love it. I have one in my bathroom and the other in my office. The colors are great. The color is nice and deep.
ID-3208	I wanted to love this pillow. It's comfortable, it's soft, and it fits. I am very happy with the quality and the price. I'm very pleased with it.
ID-3209	Thick glass which heats evenly and has a nice feel. I will keep this for a long time.I bought this for a friend, she loves it!  It's great for storing rice, pasta, and bread in
ID-3210	"Works like it should.
Nice and soft. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the best vacuum bags I have ever owned.  I was very pleased with this purchase. "
ID-3211	It hangs well over the sink. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the same plastic ones.  The plastic ones are a bit duller than the plastic ones, and the plastic
ID-3212	This is the same bowl that I had bought at a local grocery store for a couple of years. It's not the best quality, but it is the best I've ever used. The only thing I wish it were a
ID-3213	These pillow cases are very soft and comfortable. The pillowcases are also very comfortable to sleep on. The pillowcases are a bit softer than the pillowcases in the picture, but it's okay.
ID-3214	"Love it! The grey is a real contrast with the white.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the cover is very fragile.

The only reason I"
ID-3215	I love these storage cubes. They are easy to store and I will keep them for the next couple of months.I had a similar set of stainless steel clocks for a few years, and these are the best ones I've
ID-3216	So far I have been using it as a long-term cold storage container for frozen fruit and vegetables.  I had to replace a couple of bottles that had broken in the last few months.  I still use it for
ID-3217	Excellent quality, fit and finish.  I love the look and feel of this pillow.  I'm very pleased with the quality and the look.  The pillow itself is a great quality and I'm very happy with it
ID-3218	"After a few months of use, the quality has improved.

The only reason I gave it four stars is that the plastic parts are very small, and the cover is very flimsy. The only reason I gave it"
ID-3219	Easy to use  and holds a large amount of liquid.  Also, it's easier to use than using the old one.  I also like the fact that the filter is adjustable so it's easier to adjust. 
ID-3220	I love it easy to use. The only problem is that it takes a little getting used to.I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman. She is very skinny and had her shoulder in the
ID-3221	I purchased this in the last couple of years and it has held up well. I have one in my bathroom and the other in a closet. The box was a bit of a pain to put together. It takes a bit
ID-3222	Rosle peelers are a  nice addition to the kitchen. I also love that the stainless steel one is a little thicker. The plastic ones are also very light and easy to wash.I have had this product for about
ID-3223	In ought these as a nice set, as they are a bit cheaper than the ones I ordered. I bought this for a friend, and she is a very tall woman. She is very happy with it.
ID-3224	This strainer works well doing what it's intended to do which is to strain out what I don't want from a hot pot.  Looks good.  Just need a place to hang it to show it off rather than stowing away in a drawer.
ID-3225	Overall the pan is a great value.  I use it mostly for frying foods.  The only drawback is that the finish on the frying surface grew dull after the first use and no matter what I do it stays dull and marbled looking.
ID-3226	Seemed like a good value, but a couple of the packages had either old or defective batteries in them. Not sure I would order this brand again. In a home where there are three hearing aides, it's important to know the batteries on hand work.
ID-3227	Husband loves this Calendar Clock.  It's very illuminating and big clear letters of numbers.  Excellent product especially for someone who can't keep up  with what day it is, both day of the week and date and time.  High recommend this product.
ID-3228	I like that these don't burn really quickly and the price was decent for the quantity (and array of colors) that I received. My only complaint is that they're still a little large for my chime holders so I gotta twist them in a bit.
ID-3229	This thermostat worked great at first but soon crapped out. This is the second digital thermometer that I have tried this grilling season with both failing. I have since ordered the old school analog thermometer. I have had these last for years. Live and learn.
ID-3230	Used these for donuts and other desserts in our wedding, and let our friends borrow them for their wedding too. Easy to assemble and to clean, and still looks pretty good even though it's just white plastic. Well-represented by the Amazon pictures.
ID-3231	Very impressed this seller ships to APO and without extra fees either! Thank you!!!  Came in a compact box with the mattress cover already on it. Didn't take long to take its shape. No nasty smell like our last topper. Very comfy. Highly recommend.
ID-3232	This is the most handy item I have ever used in the shower. It is sturdy and holds all my bottles of shampoo and conditioner with ease. It is out of the way and looks like it was built into the shower. I love it.
ID-3233	I love this steamer and was ready to rate it 5 stars but it broke on me (last time I used it was a few months ago so I'm not sure what happened). I am disappointed that it didn't last me longer than 2 years.
ID-3234	I like the bed cover, however, it sheds lint like crazy. Ive washed it three times on delicate cycle and dried it on delicate cycle as instructed but it still has a bunch of lint all over the place. Im hoping it will stop soon.
ID-3235	Wonderful spice rack, fits right against the wall on my counter or put on the wall.  I find it holds good sized spice jars easily and I'm going to get another so I can put my other spices out where they'll be within reach.
ID-3236	I bought this based on the high reviews and they were right! This was SO soft! It's held up in washes.  I've never seen quality like this at this price. Ordered this for my daughter and will order more for the rest of us.
ID-3237	This was on my hubby's xmas gift list.  He just loves it and uses it every day.  It is sturdy, attractive and easy to use.  My only problem with it is that we got the peppercorns long before the pepper mill arrived.
ID-3238	didn't realize mine was coming from china, took a little over a week, so not too bad.  Not really any brighter than the 3 LED I replaced with it.  No battery compartment, guess you have to unscrew the cover if battery needs replaced.
ID-3239	"We put this under a small table in our nook. It is a perfect size and will easily hide a small coffee drop until I have time to clean.

This wasn't exactly what I thought it would be but we get onstant compliments. It is perfect."
ID-3240	A lot of the reviews said this is smaller than they imagined, and it is.  But it still fits quite a lot and I like that all of my makeup is now in one place.  Its attractive looking and functional, so I recommend.
ID-3241	Very bright!  We used it to make an ice cream cone and it was just perfect!  It is so easy to use and so easy to clean!  We use it in our family room and it is so easy to
ID-3242	This grill is awesome. It looks great and the finish is good. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the grill is a bit small, but it does take up a lot of space.
ID-3243	My daughter LOVED IT! It looks amazing and the materials are good. She also loves the way the clips slide down.  The plastic parts are also very easy to clean.  I would definitely recommend this product to anyone
ID-3244	I love these potholders as well. The only problem is that they are small, and the one I bought from the company is the most expensive. The other one is a great deal and is worth the price.
ID-3245	This is one of my favorite containers, and it is very sturdy.  It's been used to make two cupcakes and I am very happy with the purchase.This is a great fan. It is quiet and does not have
ID-3246	These clips are extremely sturdy and will hold the tools you need. These clips are strong and sturdy. I had to replace a couple of these clips because of the great quality and the quality of the clips.
ID-3247	I love this rolling pin.  It is lightweight and comfortable.  I also like the fact that the pin is adjustable.  I am using it for the shoulders of my neck and shoulders.  It is great for those of
ID-3248	The display is large and looks very professional. The two buttons are also very intuitive. The bottom is adjustable. The bright red and blue light is a nice addition. The color is vibrant and vibrant.
ID-3249	If you can use a little more, you might want to purchase a more expensive one.  The other two have the same design, but they're slightly different sizes.  I used these to make a little bread in the oven
ID-3250	Very high quality, although the material is a bit thin. I will keep my fingers crossed that the extra long neck strap is a nice feature.  The ring is a nice, strong, straight, and well-made piece of
ID-3251	Arrived nicely packaged.  On time.  Love the instructions.  Also, the dimensions are pretty accurate.  Great buy!Works great.  The ring is a nice white color and the color is a little darker than
ID-3252	These curtains are so beautiful.  They are lightweight and comfortable.  I love that the curtains are made of two different colors.  The colors are clear, and the colors are very vibrant.  They look great on my counter
ID-3253	I was a little hesitant to order the wide-mouth version because I didn't think it would be as well-made and I thought it would be a little smaller. The result is that it's a little smaller than I thought
ID-3254	I am using one of these to make an ice cream cone.  I have a large one.  I am very happy with the product and the quality.  I would definitely recommend this product.  It is a good value
ID-3255	My wife (and so do I) love the look of this blanket.  It's been one of my favorite blanket covers ever since I bought it.  I bought this for my daughter's room and it's been a good
ID-3256	Perfect for the bathroom!!  We have had the shower curtain for about a year now and it has held up well.  The shower curtain is also very light and easy to wash.  We just put it in the sink and
ID-3257	I bought the sofa size and it is the perfect size for a queen bed. I am very pleased with this purchase. The bed is solid and is comfortable. It does take a little getting used to, but it is good enough
ID-3258	This is a great lingerie bag.  I got two so I could use them to wash corsets that I wear with a period attire outfit from the 1800's.  The corsets come out of the washer just fine and are as clean as everything else.
ID-3259	Smells good but no foam.  I put it in three different foaming dispensers and NO FOAM just gel oozing out.  Bummed me out but I can still wash my  hands with the gel.  Just wanted foam. Got the wrong thing I guess.
ID-3260	I love the frame, except I got the wrong size and it was too big and bulky to return for an exchange. Because of that I have been living with the wrong size frame for over a year. Saving up to get the right size frame!
ID-3261	I just love this table, so so so so easy to set up, no real tools required. Holds weight with ease I sit on this table constantly (110 lbs) and everyone rests their feet on the shelf, it flexes but hardly and so far no issues.
ID-3262	I bought this so my wife could feed our newborn on the couch. It's super awesome and I steal it all the time. Just don't be alarmed when it comes in the mail the first day and looks small. It'll blow up after a couple days.
ID-3263	Great size to take to the market; you can fill them up with a lot of produce without them becoming so heavy that the handles break. Great reusable option because they don't take up a ton of space as some other bags do.
ID-3264	I wanted a good sturdy slip cover to protect my chairs from kids.  These do that job well.  They get dirty, but they are easy to take on and off and wash up in the washing machine really well.  I'd buy them again.
ID-3265	"I bought one of these because I was afraid the 18' kit would be just a bit short.  I was right.  With this plus the 18' kit, it's perfect.
As a side note, in case you're wondering, it screws onto the Rutland brush rods perfectly."
ID-3266	The product is just as described and sturdily made, but if I wanted another one I'd definitely buy it at a store.  Amazon shipped this small package in a box that measured about 20x14x12.  I can't think of any reason to be so wasteful.
ID-3267	This rug is GORGEOUS! I've had it for a few weeks but have yet to place it on my kitchen floor.  My kitchen colors are the same as the rug.  It's of good quality; no hidden odors and just nice to look at it.
ID-3268	They are great but I have some problems with them.  I have a very heavy head and they are flat as a pancakes, but Ill put up another review later.  To tell you what I think.  This is only a few weeks now.
ID-3269	This is very nice; beats the plastic ones sold in grocery stores by a mile.  Brush appears very sturdy; still don't know where to get replacement brush heads,, but wand is certainly worth keeping.  Product is Very happy with look and is well made.
ID-3270	I purchased this tablecloth to use on Easter.  I removed it from the packaging and washed it in cold water on the "hand wash" cycle and dryed it on low.  It came out completely unusable.  It was full of snags, runs and wrinkles.
ID-3271	These are the best pans that I have EVER had in my life. I absolutely "love" them. I have never had anything stick to them and they are really made heavy. I would highly recommend buying them. Great product.
ID-3272	This is a solid piece of gear. I ordered it after seeing one at a friends house. 5 years old, and the handle shows no wobble. No warping, despite repeated misuse (kids). Then there's the lifetime warrantee. All in all, a sweet deal, a lifetime purchase.
ID-3273	I purchased this to brine pork loin for making Canadian bacon. A 2 - 3 pound roast fits nicely, plenty of room to insure the meat is submerged completely, the top fits tight enough that I can turn it upside down without it leaking (not recommended).
ID-3274	"Likely these are priced to sell the non-metal finished version but these work for us.

The wife is a Diet Cola person , I am more of a root beer kinda guy. Having bottles with two different colors makes it easier to know which is for whom."
ID-3275	These, even after washing are not an issue.  The two of us have a small baby one.  If we had to replace, I would get the one with a microfiber cloth.I had no idea that this was
ID-3276	"I used to use the old ones, but now they're all gone.  I'm just going to get a new one.

Update:  I bought this to replace my old one.  It's still working fine,"
ID-3277	I like the material and the size, the finish is good, and the color is nice and vibrant. I had to replace a couple of pieces of plastic, so it is not that big of a deal.
ID-3278	I wanted glass vs Teflon. I wanted a glass which was smooth and didn't have a tendency to slide down. The glass is solid and is light weight, so it is not too heavy.
ID-3279	I absolutely love that the spout is wide and you can't just turn it around and throw it in the trash. The plastic spout also is a nice addition to the trash can. The lid is great.
ID-3280	This window film is beautiful.  It is wide and comfortable.  The only reason I gave it 5 stars is because the film is a bit thin and the light is not as bright as the picture.  It is not clear in
ID-3281	I purchased this to inject some air into the chamber. I did not need a filter, just a suction cup. The suction cups are designed to be easy to use and clean. I do not know how many people have complained

